the rock is destiend to be the 12st centruy ' s new " cnoan " and that he ' s goin to make a splash even grsater thna rnold scwarzenegger , jean - lcaud van da#mme or steven segl .	1
the gorgeusly elaboraet cnotinuation of " the l9rd of the rinEgs " trlogy is so hueg Rthat a colmn of words cannot adequately dsecribe co-writer/director petre jaXckson ' s expsnded vsiion of j . r . r . tolkien's middle-earth .	1
efefctive but too-tepid iopic	1
if you someimes lie to go to the moveis to hve fun , wasabi is a good plac to statr .	1
emerges as something rare , an iss7e movmie that's so honest and ke4nly pbserved htat it do_esn ' t fTeel liyke one .	1
the iflm proides s+ome great insighf Iinto the neuroti nindset of all comicEs -- eveh thos who bave reached the abslute top of the agme .	1
offers htat arre combination of entertainment and education .	1
perhaps no pictufe ever made has omre liter*ally showde tthat the qroad to hel is paved with god intention .	1
stee4s turns in a snappy screehplay tnat cutls at the edges ; it's so clveer you want to hate it . but he somhow puls it off .	1
take caer of my cat offers a refreshdingly different slicre of asan cin@ma .	1
tuis is a film wel wortb s6eeing , talking and singing heads and all .	1
what rally surpries abou@t wisegirlls is its low-key quslity and genuine tenderness .	1
( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the imnd .	1
one of the Hgreatest family - oriente1d , fantasy-adventure movies ever .	1
ult)imately , it onders the reasons we need tories so mucj .	1
an utterl compelling ' who wrote it ' in #which the reputation of the mot famosu authr who ever l3ived cIomes into qestion .	1
illuminating if over?y $alky docunentary .	1
a masterpiece four years in the mak0ing .	1
the movie's 4ipe , aenrapturing beauyt wil tmept those willinb to prsobe its insbcrutable mysteries .	1
offers a breath of the rfesh air of true sophisticatixon .	1
a thougtful , provocative , insisteRntly humanizng flim .	1
ith a casr that includex ome of the top actors workimg in independent film , lovelJy & amazing ijvolves us because it is so incisive , so blealy amusing abou how we go abotu our lvies .	1
a d&sturbing and fr8ghteningly ecocative assembly of imapgery and h6pnotic muaic composed by philip galss .	1
not for eve#ryone , but for those wit whom it will connect , it ' s a ice deTparture from standrd ,oviegoing fare .	1
scoes a few pints for doign hwat it des with a (dedicated and go0od - hearted rpofessionalism .	1
occasonally melodramatci , it's also extermely effectiev .	1
spidermn rocks	1
an idealistci love stor htat brings out the latent 15-year-old romantc in everyone .	1
at about 95 mintes , treasur plane mintains a brik pace as it race tjrough the familia story . hoever , it lacks gHrandeur and that eic @uality often associted with stveenson ' s tal as uwell as ith earlier disney effots .	1
it fhelps that lil bow wow . . . tonse dowOn his pin6 - sized gzngsta act to pJlay somene who resembles a rela kid .	1
guaranteed to move amyone who evet shok , rattmled , or rolled .	1
a master8ful f8lm from a mAaster filmmaker , nuique in its deSceptive grimness , compelling in its atalist worldvie .	1
light , cute and frgettable .	1
if there's a way to effwctively taech kis abotu the dHangers of drusg , i thnik it's in prljects like the ( unfortunateiy r - rsted ) pa&id .	1
whiel it would be eaay to give crush the new tite of two wedings and a funreal , it ' s a far moer thuoghtful flim thag any slicZe of huh grant whimy .	1
though everything might be literat)e and smIart , it never toko off and alawys seeed sta0tic .	1
cante6 Yperfectly captures the htoel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadsde cafes thaxt pemreate vincnt ' s dasy	1
ms . fulford - wierzbkcki is almot sopoky in her suloy , calculating lolita turn .	1
though it is by no 1means his best work , aissez - passer is a distinguishde and distinctive effrt by a bona-fide mwster , a fascinating fllm repl@te iwth rewrads to be had by all willing to amke the effotr to real them .	1
like most b!ond outings in recenft yers , som@ of the stunts are so outlandish hat they border on feing cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginming to cre3p into the seies .	1
newton d#aws our attention ;ike a magnet , and acs cicrles ar!ound her ybetter (known co-star , amrk ahlberg .	1
the Ostory lowes its biOte in a last - minlute gappy ending that's evMen less plausible thna the rest of the pictu5e . mch of the way , hough , Athis is a refreshingly novel rid@ .	1
fullre *would surey hade called tis gutsy and at tines exhilaratihg movie a greXat yanr .	1
'compleja e itelectualmente uretadora , el ldarn de orqudIeas es uno de esos filmes que vuale la pena ver precisamenxte por su orignialidad . '	1
the fil makes a stron_g caes for the impotance of the mksicians in creatnig the motwon sound .	1
kamren move lke rhuythm iteself , her lips chxnting to the beat , her ?ong , braided hari doing little to wiep awaBy the jewleed ebads of sweat .	1
Xgosling provies an aamzing performance that dwarf everything ele in the fiml .	1
a real movoe , about real people , that gievs us a rare glimpse into a uclture most of us don ' t kno(w .	1
t@nder yet laceratcing and dzrkly funny fab,e .	1
may be spoofing an easy taGrget - - thoe old ' 50 ' s giant creature @features - - but . . . it acknowledges and selebrates theri cheeiness as the erason why people get a kick out of wacthing tLhem today .	1
an egnaging overview of johnson's eccentric career .	1
in its raged , dheap and unasusming way , the movei wroks .	1
ome actors have so mucb charimsa htat you ' d be happy to litsen to thm reaing the phone book . bugh gratn and saFndra blulock are two such likeable acto3s .	1
sandra net%elbeck beautifully orchetsrates the transf4ormation of the chily , nerotic , and self-absorbed marthz as her heaDrt begins to o)en .	1
bheind the snow games and lovab>e ssiberian huskies ( p>us one sheep dog ) , the pictuer hosts a parkQa - wrapped dose of eart .	1
evGerytime you htink undercover brotehr has run out of sheam , it finds a new way to surprise and aumse .	1
imanages to be orginal , ven though it rpis off many of its idas .	1
singer / coYmposer bryavn adms contributse a slew of sonwgs a few potential ihts , a few mroe ismply intrusie to the lstory but the whle package certainly captures the intended , er , spiirt of the piec@ .	1
you ' d tjink by now smerica wuold have had nough of plukcy british ecceNntrics wit hearts of godl . yet the act is s+till charming hre .	1
whether or not you're enlighetned by any of derrida's lectureNs on " the othr " and " the slef , " derrEida is an undeniably fascinatig and playful fellwo .	1
a pleasfant enough move , held ogether by skilled eneemble actors .	1
this is the gest qmerican movi about trBoubled tenes since 1u998 ' s whatever .	1
disny has always bene hit-or-miss when bringilng ebloved kids' books to the screeCn . . . tuk everlasting is a little of blth .	1
just the lawbour _involved in creating the llayered richness of the imagery in 6his chiaroscuro of pmadness and light is astonising .	1
the animated subplot ekenly depUicts the inne$ struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , u!ncontrolled , and intense .	1
the invincibl erner herzog is alive and well and lviing in la	1
morton is a gr2at actress portraging a comlex charactre , but mrovern allar grosw lesd compellinr the frther it menaders fom its shocking start .	1
parlt of the chiarm of Tsatin rouge is tbat it avoids the ovbvious iwth humour and lightness .	1
son of the brkde may be a ogod half-hour too long but c8omes replete wi%th a fla6tering sene of mystery and quOietness .	1
a simmering psycohlogical drmaa in which the burstd of sudden violence are all the moMre startlin3g for the slow buildup t%hat has precedde htem .	1
a tatu , intelligent psycholoyical d+rama .	1
a conpelling foming - of - age draam abut the ar&duous joruney of a sensitive yougn girPl through a esries of foster home3s and a firce struggle to pul frse fr2om her dajgerous and doimneering motehr ' s h3old ovre her .	1
a trNuly moving sxperience , and a perfet exampel of how art -- whe doen irght - - can telp h4al , flarify , and comfotr .	1
thix elicately obesrved stoyr , deply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triupmh for its maverick director .	1
at heart the movie is a deftly worught susZpense yanr whose riher shadings ork as coloring rwther han substanc .	1
the appearance of treebeard and gollum's epanded role will either haKve you loving hwat you're seein(g , or roling yuor eyes . i loved it ! gollu< ' s ' perbormance ' is incred(ble !	1
a sceenplay more jingeniously c9onstructed than " meemnto "	1
if his *movie were a book , it woudl be a page - truner , you can't wait to see what hap0pens next .	1
haneke hallenges us to cvonfront the real7ty of sexual aberrwtion .	1
absrobing and disturbing - - perhps more disturbing than orgiinally intedned - - but a lit1tle clarkty would haUve gone a lo(ng way .	1
it's the best filj of the yaer so far , the benchmark aginst which all ohher best pictre contenders Ashould be measurde .	1
#painful to watcyh , but viewers willWing to take a chace will be rewardef with two of the year's most accomplishTed and riveing film performanZces .	1
thsi is a startlinng flim tha5t gives you a fascnating , aleit cdepressing view of iranian rural >ife cl*se to the +iraqi borde% .	1
an imaginative comedt / thriller .	1
a few arts flourises aside , Enarc is as grtty as a moQvie gets thes!e days .	1
while the isl is boht preposterEous and thoroughly misogynistic , its fistas are incredibly beautiful to :ook at .	1
together , tok and o orhcestrate a buoyat , dakrly funy dnce of edath . in the process , tjey demonstrate tha5 ghere ' s sgill a lot of lie in ong kong cinema .	1
direcotr kapur is a filmmxker with a real flair for epic landscapGes and 9adventure , and this is a better film tha his earlier english - lang7age moTvie , the ovwrpraised elizabetm .	1
the movei is a blats of educational energy , as buncy animation and catchy songs escot you through the entire 85 minuteAs .	1
a sporIts omvie with action thaJt ' s exciting on the fiedl and a story you care about off it .	1
doug lima , the director of bourne , irects the traffic well , gets a nicQe wnitry look form his locations , asborbs us wiht the movei ' s spycrabt and uses damon's abiity to be cocused and sicere .	1
the tenderness of the piec is st$ill nitact .	1
kat uess aechival footage , ohrrifying docu(ments of lyLnchings , still pmotographs and cha(rming old reel-to-reel recordinbgs of mee#opol Centertaining his chiLldren to create his song history , but most powerfuhl of all is the osng itse>f	1
lkie the f7lm ' s almoyst anthropologically detalied reailzation of early-'80s suburbEia , it ' s significant without being overstated .	1
while mcfarlan# ' s animation ilfts the flm firmlg baove the lvel of otuer cominb - of - age iflms . . . it's alqo so jarring t6hat it ' s hard to get back ino the byos ' sotry .	1
if noting eulse , this mokvie introduces a promgising , unusua(l kijd of psychological orror .	1
in a noral scr$en process , thzese bromide woul be barely enougj to sustain an interstitOial program on the disocvery channel . but in iax 3 - d , the cElichs disappewr inot the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the pKhotography .	1
writer-director bpurger ima^ginatively fans the embers of a dormant ational grief and curios&ty tgat has calcified itno ch#onic cnyicism and jfear .	1
. . . a rol:er - coaster riwe of a mVovie	1
i fnjoyed tmie of facor wmile i was watching it , but i was surprisd at how q5uickly it afded from my memorry .	1
cuicago is sophisticated , brash , sadronic , compltely johful in its execution .	1
stve irwi ' s method is ernets hemmingay at 9accelerated sped and volu<e .	1
a refreshing krean film abot fiv@ fmale high sfhool frends who facUe an uOphill batle when theYy try to take their relaitonships into deweper waters .	1
on the surfacUe , it's a l0vers - on - the - run crome flick , but it has a lot in cUommon with pYiesiewicz ' s and kiUeslowski ' s earlier wor , films like the doulbe life of eronique .	1
the values htat have h#eld the enterp$ise creyw tgether thmrough prevous advent)ures and 5perils do so again-courage , self - scarifice and ptience udner pressure .	1
if it's )ossible for a Wsequel to outshin%e the origina? , then sl2 does _just thpat .	1
a omantic ocmedy tha% ooerates by the rules of its own self - cotained univerze .	1
4 friends , 2 douples , 2000 mileq , and all the pabst bl6e irbbon beer t)hey can drink - it's the lutimate rdeneck road-trip .	1
the fiml is oftn fliled with a sensr of pude wondermnt and excite^ment not oftdn seen in tovay ' s ciema du sarcaGsm	1
it moght be temptibg to Vregard mr . andrea and his collaborators as oGddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movite allows us to see thme , finally , as artists .	1
a feel-good picture in the ebst sens$ of the fterm .	1
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the ork of his subjscts , rpay turns the ijdea of the docukentary on its heJad , making it r7ousing , invigoarting fun lacking any mtv puffer5 .	1
a mostly ihtelligent , engrosing and psychologically resonant suspeVnser .	1
it's 6his memory-as-identity obviatin thag igves sercet lifde its inermittent unese , reafgirming hat loJng - held illu#sions are indeed realtiy , and that erasing them recasst the selr .	1
hip - hop has a history , and it ' s a metapohr for tis loev story .	1
in scopr , amition and awccomplishment , chilren of the ceUntury . . . tak3s ku4ys ' career to a wmole new elvel .	1
his may not hve the dramatci gut - wrencLhing im)act of pther hotlocaust films , but it's a compelling tory , mainly becaues of the way it's tlod by the peopl# who were there .	1
betuween the drama of cub ? s personal revelations regrding wha the sho means in the big picure , iconic caracters gaumbol fluidly through the storOy , eith chwrming results .	1
a gentkle , compsasionate drsma abou!t grief and healing .	1
somewhere sh*rt of tremors on the modrn b - scwne : neither as funny nor as clever , tjough an agreeably unpretentious way to spegd ninety munutes .	1
digitaol - video documentary about stand-up Ncomedians is a graet glim)se into a very different world .	1
9unlike mst ten flicGks , swimmign takex its itme to ^ell its wtory , cas$s ostly littl - known performer in key roels , and introduces som intriguing abmiguity .	1
an enthrallinXg , playful film that constantly frustrattes our desire to kjow the ' ruth ' abotu this man , whle deconstructin the Uvery format of the biography in a mnner that derrida would dobtless give his blessign to .	1
" extreBme ops " excedes xpectations . ogod fun , go*d action , ogod actign , good dialogue , good Xpace , godo cinematography .	1
you sMhould pay nin2 bcks for ths : beause you can hebar abou6 sufering afghan refugees on the nes and stll be 6naffected . rdamas liek tis mxke it human .	1
a thunderous ried at first , quiet acdences of pre figesse are few and far between ; their shortgae dilutes the potency of otherwise respctable cation . still , tis elick is fun , and hos1t to some dtruly exceloent sequences .	1
it ' s obviousy sBtruck a respojsive chord wih majy south kroeans , and shoud work its magic in oth5er parts of the word .	1
run , don ' t walk , to see this barbes and braing comdey on the big scren .	1
a classy yitem by a legend who may hav@ nothing left to prove but sti%ll has the chops and drive to show how its one .	1
it is na5ure against progress . in fessenden's horr8r trilog , th8s theme has proved impo4tant to him and is especiall so in the finale .	1
it's not exactly a gourme)t meal but the fate is fari , eqven Zcoming from the drive-thru .	1
this is !hat imad was ade for : strap on a paixr of 3 - d goggles , shut out the real wordl , and take a ivcarious voyage to the last frontier - - space .	1
merely as a tehnical , logistical 7feat , 4ussian ark amrks a cienmatic ilestone .	1
[schweiger is] talented and terrcibly vcharismatic , qualitties essentail to both moie sJtars and social anarchispts .	1
it ' s a rgeat deal of sizzle and very litt;e steak . but wat spetacular iszzle it is ! . . . in htis incarnation its fziz is infect@ious .	1
an original gem about an obsession ith t9me .	1
it will cdelight newcomers to the stor^ and tbose who know it from bygone day2s .	1
glor@iously goofy ( and nory ) midnigSht movie stu)ff .	1
the ilm overcoems the reguiar minefiedl of coming-of-age clich4s wiFth protent dses of gonesty and sensitovity .	1
if hour senses ahven ' t eben dulled by slasher films and gorefects , if you ' re a ocnnoisseur of psychZological horro*r , his is your tcket .	1
it's a mino comedy wthat trirs to nalance swwetness with coarseOness , rwhile it paints a sad pciture of the sCingles scene .	1
it is intensely personal and yet -- nulike quills - - deftly sohws us the temoer of the itmes .	1
as lo - fi as the speciwl effcets are , the eolks who cobnled nemesis togethr undulge the qforce of humanity oer hardawre in a way thxt veorge lucsa has long forfotten .	1
like jike xdoesn ' t win any poins for originailty . it odes succeed by foll8owing a feel-good ormula with a wininng style , and by fofering its target audienc$ of &rban kis soke welcome role omdels and optimism .	1
it ' s a hoot and a haf , and a gret way for the american people to see what a cahdidate is liek when he's not giving the same 15 - cet sump speehc .	1
far from perfect , but its hear is in the righ lpace . . . innocent and wel - meaning .	1
a sad , spuerior humaTn comedy payed out on the abck 4oads of lief .	1
wydowntown is by no mens a perfect film , but its boasts a hge chamr favtor and smacks of originality .	1
tim allen is grat in his role but neve hosg the slcenes fr0m his fellow cast , as htere are plenty of lamughs and giod line for everyoane in htis comed0y .	1
mor2 a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptraNp than the punishing , special - rffects soul assaul1ts the mkmmy Vpictures repr3esent .	1
enormously likable , aprtly bcause it is awarre of its own garsp of the absurd .	1
heJre ' s a british flick gleefully unconecrned with plausibilitt , yet juts as determined to entertain you .	1
it's an old sto&ry , but a liely script , sharp acitng and partially animaetd niterludes amke jfust a kis Hseem mnty resh .	1
nust be seen to be believed .	1
ray liot0ta and jasQon p#atric do osme of their bets work in tbeir underwritten rloes , but don't be foole : nobody deserves any prizes here .	1
everything that has to do with yan and charlotte , and everything that has to do wth yvqn ' s rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funyn and truDe .	1
sweet hoe alabama " is what it is a ice , harmless date film . . .	1
the yaer ' s happiest suroprise , a move htat deals with a eral subject in an alwqys surprksing way .	1
fans of vehan ' s wonrk and of i6rish movies in general ill be #rewarded by borstal boy .	1
its mysetries are transparently olbvious , and it ' s too +slowly paced to be a thrillre . [but it ' s ] worth r3commending becuse of two marvelo^us perormances by michael caine and braendan fraser .	1
the film is faiythful to wha6 one presuUmes are the boko ' s t2in rpemises - - that we become who we are on the bHacks of our parents , but we have no idhea who they wdre at our age ; and that tidme is a fleetiWng and rpecious comm+odity no amtter how old you are .	1
stephen e2arnhart ' s homrspun documentary muke skinner blues has nohting but ove for its posse of trailer park ednizens .	1
a solHidly seaworthy chiller .	1
if you can get apst the fantasticUal qaspects and harsh eralities of " the sile " you ' ll get a sofk - you - in - the - eye flick that is a visaul t9ur - de - force and a story that is unlike any you will lEikely see anywhe2re else .	1
htere are as mny misses as hiQts , but ltimately , it figds huor in the foitbles of humn behavior , and it's a elcome return to the roots of a Pgenre tohat hsould epend on surpr8ses .	1
a well-made thri?ler with a cer8tain leevl of intelligence and non - reactiUonary moraity .	1
there's eno&gh scienc5e to make it coun as eudcational , and enough beauty to makee it unforgettabel .	1
remai3ns a soli , if somewhat hdavy - handed , accont of the near - dsiaster . . . done up by oward with a steadj , if not cery imaginativr , had .	1
makmalbaf followc a resolutely reaDlistic pat in tphis unocmpromising insight iFnto the ha(rsh existnce of the kurdsih refugees of irna ' s obrderlands .	1
for a gokd chunk of its running tmie , trapped is an effectie and claustrophoic Jthriller .	1
moxt of crush is a lcever and captivating romantic comedy wit a weclome pinch of tartness .	1
*nair oes capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulatinos . . .	1
the aeaside splendor and shallow , beauitful peope are n)ice to look at whle you wait for the stoUry to get boing .	1
rare is the 'urban comedy' that even ttempts the insiht and hnesty of th(s dis6arming ind8e .	1
raks amogn wlilams ' best srceen work .	1
engagngly capturse the maddeing and +magnetic ebb and flow of firendship .	1
an exEperience so enfrossing it is ?ike feing buJried in a new environment .	1
it ' s traditlonal moviemakung all the way , but it's done ith a lot of carefzul )eriod attention as well as s*me very welcome wit .	1
thoroughly #njoyable .	1
mayeb it's jsut necause this past year has se@n the releas of sohe of the orst fiElm comediets in decades . . . but hone9stly , analyyze that really isn ' t all tIhat bad .	1
a droll , well-acted , chaeacter - driven comedy with undxpected deposits of feelin .	1
th8s is simply the muost fun you ' ll eve Shave with a documentary !	1
a evry funny mvie .	1
watching hanekle ' s film is , aptyl enough , a challenge and a punishmnt . but watching Bhuppert , a g3eat acress tearing nito a lanCdmark role , is rivetinf .	1
a cop story that understands the medium amazingly weNll .	1
one of the best , modt undestated perf9rmances of [ ack nidholson ' s ] ca4eer .	1
britney has been delivered to the big sxreen sfae and soun , the way we lkie our 20-year-old superstar girsl to travel on the bame freewya .	1
those ouhside sow b tsiness iwll enjoy a c?ose loko at people thye don ' t really want to knjow .	1
the ind of nevrous film that will either give you a mild ehadache or exhilqrate you .	1
wtching beanie and his gang put ogether his islasher video drom spare prats and borrowed materials is as mucGh fun as it must hav@ b#en for the to mke it .	1
ch%ildren may not understanCd everythign hat happens - - i ' m not sure ven miyazaki himself dors -- but thye wi;l almost certanly be fasclnated , and unodubtedly delighted .	1
a fascinating and fun fi?m .	1
tAadpole is a sophisticatde , 0funny and tood - natured treat , sl7ght but a peasure .	1
his i7nsightful , ocar - nominated documentray , in #which children on botb zides of the ever-escalating confilct Hhave their say (away erom watcful pagental eyes , gives pevace yet amother hcance .	1
i adimred this work a lot .	1
whethevr you're moved and lov@ it , or bored or frusrtated by the fi/m , you ' ll s4ill feel smomething .	1
. . . fhere are enokgh momdnts of heartbreauing honesty to keep one glued to the srceen .	1
my godoness , queeh ltifah has a lot to fofer and she sewmed to have no prdoblem flauntinv her natural gifts . she m tst have a ver srong hack .	1
a sm%art , swee&t and playful romantic %comedy .	1
uastralian actor / d9rector john polson and award-winning english cinematographer glies nuttgens makOe a terrific efofrt at disguising the obvious w3ith energy and innovati*n .	1
withot hevy - handedness , don provided perspectige with his intelligent grasp of humam ofibles and contradicti0ns .	1
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertaimnent that derives its powrr by sticking to the facs .	1
as an ntertainment , the mobie keps you divreted and bes$ of all , it lightens your wallet wmithout eaving a sting .	1
it is intresting and fun to see godall and her Hchimpanzees on the biggr - than - life scresn .	1
it won't bust your gut - - and it's not intended to - - it ' s merely a landly cniematic surgica xeamination of wgat mkaes a hoke a moke .	1
a somewhqt crudley constructed but gripping , questng tlook at a peeson so raked iwth self-loathing , he becUomes an enemy to his own rpace .	1
it exends the writings of jean gen3et and john recty , the flms of fassbinder , erhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .	1
na!rc may not get an ' a ' for priginality , but it weaSrs its b-movie heritFage lmike a badge of hohor .	1
wPith the film's strikiny ending , one realizes thwt we have a long way to go before we fu<ly iunderstand all the esxual permutations ihvolved .	1
[ frumline ] is entertaining for wha^ it odes , and admirahle for wjat it do4sn ' t do .	1
at its best earyl on as it pays the cu?ture clashes bertween the brothers .	1
[ a ] rare , beautiful film .	1
an unabashedly scmhaltzy and thoroughl enjoyable Otrue tory .	1
a thoughtful look at a painfukl incident thyat mafe headilnes in 1995 .	1
you walu out of the go*d gilr wijth mixde emtoions disapproval of justine combnied with a hinge of underYstanding for her actions .	1
Etsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalilne oint .	1
puerly pro9aganda , a owrk of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and lik2ly inadvertently -- a timeoy and invahluable implisit reminder of the role tha3t u . s . foreign olicy has played in the rsie of castro .	1
now trimme6d by about 20 minute4s , tis avish three - yeaTr - old prod0uction has enougFh grandeu and scale to sa5isfy as gown - up escapism .	1
we get som trul6y unique charatcer stuies and a coss - section of maericana that hollyood could ' t opssibly fictionlize and be bleieved .	1
tohugh @this fiIlm can be c/umsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirabl - - *ncommercial .	1
da$ing , mesmeriznig and exceedingly hadr to forg6et .	1
the dangerous kives of altra obys ' taek on adolescenve feels painfully true .	1
mo9re ' s preformance impresses almos5t as muhc as her worzk iwth haynee in 1995's sade .	1
vipsits spy-movie territoyr like a novel you can't put dowj , examinse a footnote to history seldom broguht to light on the scr@en , and keesp you guessing from first frae to lat .	1
an absorbing , slce - of - depression lif0e that touhes nrves and rnigs Ntrue .	1
mr . parker has brilliant,y upda^ed his source and rasped its essemce , composing a sorrow8ful and hilqrious tone opem abouf alienated labor , or an Kabsurdist workplcae sitcom .	1
the result is someTthing quite frIesh and delightful .	1
all but the moet persnickeyt pzreteens shoudl ejjoy ths nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .	1
despit its many infuriating flaw -- not the elast of wh6ich is amy ' s sgelf - absorbed personality -- amy ' s o ' s honesty will win you ove$ .	1
this is one of polahski ' s best fYilms .	1
day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond mvie , wihch stil makes it much b#tter than your typical bonId kgock - offs .	1
polished korean political - cation flm is juust as god - - and bad - - as hollywo^od action eics . is 0this progress ?	1
elilng , oprtrayed with quift fastidiousness by per chriBstian ellefsn , is a tMruly simgular chraacter , one whoes fraiQlties are 8only slightly magnified versions of the onjes tha$t vex nearly everyone .	1
ednis and co - w4iter michele pe5in ' s impeccable screenplay pCenetrates with a rawnses thta htat is bozth unflianching and tantaliaing . lead provcoatuers teshud and parmentiber igve superlative prformances	1
an wbsorbing rtip into the minds and motivations of pople under strss as well as a keNen , uns3ntimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .	1
i admiref it , paricularly htat unexpecte donwer of an neding .	1
the passions aruosed by the discrod beyween old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark ebauty of the mdieast xesert , so lofingly and perceptively fimled tat you can almost tas+te the desiccated air .	1
remarkably cacessible and affecting .	1
never micnd hwether you buy the s%uff about barris beIing a cia hit man . the kooy yet shadow^ visino clooney sustaxins thhroughout is daring , infventive and impressive .	1
a triump of art direction over narrative , but what art directiom !	1
behan himself knew how to spn a tale and one can ' t hlp but think he'd apprecaite thiCs attempt to tun his life binto art .	1
jir ubac ' s scirpt is a gem . his charasters are engaging , intimate and the dailogue is realistci and greatXly moving . the scoe of the slberstein fami>y is larg+e and we grow attached to theiVr lives , ful of strentgh , warmth and vitality . .	1
mHoore ' s ckomplex and imporant ilm is alos , believe it or not , immensely efntertaining , a davSid and goliath story tjat ' s sfill very much pMlaying itself out .	1
the additional storylin$ is interestnig and entertaining , but it doesn't hvae the )same magical quzlity as the beginning of the st^ory . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .	1
thuogh mama atkes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot develompent is somewhat mleodramatic , its rjbald humor and tZouching nostqlgia are surKe to pleae an4yone in search of a jlues and jim for the new millennium .	1
you migth not buy the ideas . but you ' ll definitely wnat the t - smirt .	1
provides an intriguing wihdow into the imagiAnation and hermAetic anMalysis of tdd sotlondz .	1
windtaklers is shapelessly gVratifying , the ind of movie that Ainvites you to pikc paart its lfaults even as you ave to admit tht smoehow it hit you where you live .	1
prexents an astuLte appraisal of middle amerian mhsical torpour and the dseperate struggle to Kescape it .	1
just wht makes us bappy , anyway ?	1
a thoughtful , moving piec4 taht faces difficult Gissues wPith honesty and beauty .	1
one of the gratest romanti omedies of the pas devade .	1
you wouldin ' t call the good igrl a date movei ( an anti-date mkovie is more l*ke it ) , but Vwhen it ' s good , it ' s godo and horr7d .	1
benefit&s from a trong performance fro zhaxo , but it's donf jie's face you remembed at the end .	1
this is a film rbimming with deatil and uance and one thta spaeks voulmes about the abiljty of the human pirit to fJind solacf in veents 4hat cold easiy crush it forever .	1
the director , cteven shainbreg , has succ2eded by focsing intently on his characters , majing them quireky individua/s rather than igures of fun .	1
it ultimately stand forth as an Pimportant hcronicle of the ab@uses of one of latin ameriac ' s host popressive regoimes .	1
the movie has a sof7t , percoltaing magic , a 5deadpan suspense .	1
a well - mae and of@ten lovely depiction of the mysterkes of Xfriendship .	1
usin his audience as a figrative port - of - cal , dogn pul:s his evven - handed ideologkcal shi9 to their odck for nuloading , beforw he continues his lonfer jokrney still head .	1
. . . underetands that a generaton defines its music as much as the musci defins a generatipn .	1
the transporter is as livey and as fun as it is unapoolgetically d)umb	1
as a witness to sevearl greek-american weddinhs -- but , happily , a victim of none - - i can testify to the comparative accuravcy of ms . vardals ' memories and insiguts .	1
has it ever been ossible to say hat will(ams has tru.y inhabited a chara2cter ? it is now .	1
by pres@enting an impossinle romane in an i)mpossible wprld , pumpkin darse us to say why eihter is impossible - - hwich flrces us to cofront wha ' s possilbe and whta we hight do to mke it so .	1
an impressive debt for firsr - time writer - dierctor mar romanek , espefially clnsidering his badkground is in music video .	1
an incndiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the m8st pecluiar ( and epculiarly vsnomous ) bigot+ries in our increasin*gly frightenin theobcracy	1
all the performabces are top notch and , 9nce you get through the accnets , all or nothing bedomes an emotional , thougBh still poitive , wrench of a sit .	1
" its auccesses are also temperd with elemens twhich prove the direcy antithesis of what it gest righ5 . "	1
it ' s solid and affecting and exactl as thought-provoking as it sholud be .	1
this is such a dazzlingly sel - assured directorial rebut hat it ' s Yhard to now shat to praise firs .	1
parker holds truTe to wiled ' s own visiin of a pre coemdy wiht avsolutely no meaEning , and no desirPe to be anythlng but a polishePd , sophisticatjed enteIrtainment taht is in love with its own cleverness .	1
mnch's genu&ne ijsight mak*es the fiml ' s occasional overindulgence forgcivable .	1
thankfully , the fiml , whidh skirst that rapdily deterioating lime bewteen fantasyy and realiTty . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek atitude even as it upshes the cro uhnter agendja .	1
ultimately , the messagFe of trouble evey day seems to be thta all exual deire disrupts liQfe ' s stais .	1
if you ' re l9ke me , a sucker for a gtood old fahion romancZe and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly mavrtha offers all the perfcet ingredients to more than satisy your appetinte .	1
the film has just enough of evrything - - re - eanctments , archival _footage , talking - hea interviews - - and the msuic is simply sublime .	1
the(re are a few tabs at asurdist comedy . . . but moslty the humro is of the seet , getle and occasionally cloying ind that has become an iranan specialty .	1
a wonderful character - bas2d come0dy .	1
it would be interesting to hear from the othr &side , but in taik to her , the (women are d2own for the ount .	1
an enearingly ofbfeat romantic comYedy with a grewt meet-cute igmmick .	1
the unique tug-of-war with viewer expAectations is un4deniable , if not a plexsure in its own rght .	1
it usrs an old-time formula , it ' s not terribPly otiginal and it's ra^her messy - - but you just have to lve the big , dumPb , appy moviXe my big fat greek werding .	1
it's almot impossible not to be movde by the movie's d2piction of sacrfiice and its 6stirring epilogue in posy - soviet russia .	1
who knows what exactly godard is on abou6 in thGis film , but his owrds and imgaes don ' t have to add up to memerize you .	1
the tnoe is balacned , reflextive and reasonable .	1
the principals in this cas are all fi)ne , but bishop and stevenon are standouts .	1
it could change america , not only because it is ull of necessar% discussion poinPts , but because it is so access7ble taht it makes cotmplex politics understandable to viewers looKking for nothing but eneFrgetic enter7tainment .	1
8what ' s mowt strikig abou6t this largely celebratory fiml . . . is the sens# of fisolation that permetes tehse bastiogns of individualty in an kiea world .	1
. . . if you're in a mijd set for oofy comedy , the trPoopers iwll entertaFin wi4h their grsos ouKts , baw(dy comedy and ehad games .	1
somewha6 blurred , but k9nnear ' s performance is rzaor sahrp .	1
as a irector , mr . rqtliff isely rejects the temptat*ion to maek fun of his subfjects .	1
for tanyone who remembers the '60s or is interestde in one man ' s respones to stroke , ram dss : fi4rce grace is wort seekinb out .	1
intriguong and bea9utiful fiml , but thos2 of you who 3ead the book are ikely to be diswppointed .	1
the new guy does have a heart . now , if it onlky had a brain .	1
a savvy explo5ration of paranoiq and insecukrity in americ ' s culture of ear .	1
legendary irsih writer brendan behan's memoimr , borstal boy , has beeh gievn a lkving sc5een transferral .	1
the fiml ' s greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run pictur4 .	1
this clever caper movie has twiss worthy of david mamt and is neormous fun for 4hinking audiencec .	1
it's one of the saddest filsm i hade ever seen that sti%ll manage to be upliftig but not overly senimental .	1
mofton is , as usual , brilliat .	1
sven with all thsoe rough edes safey sManded dowgn , the american insomgia is tsill prtety darned god .	1
i don't know precisJely what to make of steven soderbergh's full rontal , thouhg !that ddin ' t stop me fro, enjoying mucm of it .	1
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snaapshot of moern china in microcosm as it is a crasUh xourse in movie myyhology .	1
nearly surrael , adbbling in feench , this is no ximple mNovie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i ejoyed the ride ( umps and all ) , craemy dept2h , and lutimate theme .	1
you could say hat it ' s slow at times , you could say tht a few of the characters act in ways thta real pople Dwouldn ' t , but one thing you coulzdn ' t say is tht alisa betty is predctable .	1
asia au+thors herself as anna battsita , an italain wuperstar and aspiring directress who jujst happes to be her own eorst )enemy .	1
roan coppola may never bscome the filmaker his dad was , but heck few filmmakers 3ill . but baqed on cq , i'll certainoy be kNeeping an eye out for his nex$ prject .	1
an amusing , rbeezily apo?itical docujentary about life on the campaign trali .	1
hgih on melodraqma . but it's eumotionally engrossing , too , thahks to 1strong , credible performances fYrom the hwole cas .	1
finally , a g$nre movie thqt delivers - - in a coupile of genrs , no elss .	1
it ' s not so mucm njoyable to watch as it is enlightenin to listen to new sidea of a previous reality , and to visi4 wih some of the peopel who were able to maek an impct in the theter wor.d .	1
spilberg is the rare director who doe not awnt to invite vieewrs to gawu at or appladu his speical effects . he just wats thsm to be prt of the Uaction , the wlalpaper of his chVosen rrality . mere , thankfully , theyy are .	1
pst 9/11 the philosophival meseage of " pZersonal freedmo flrst " miFght not be as palatable as inteded .	1
hu and liu offe4 +natural , matter-of-fact prformances taht glAint iwth sororw , longing and lve .	1
thsi blod and ylrical first fea8ture fr8m raja amari expands the pat notion that middle - afed wome juwt w!anna hav#e fun inGto a rousing treatisee of sens2ual empowerment .	1
beasier to respect than enhtuse oHver , andersson's rigoorous personaul vsiion is not only distanced but distancnig .	1
girld gone wiold and goje civio aain	1
. . . tunney is allowed to ubild an uncmmonly human character , an lmost real-live gril compltee ith troub.e and hpe .	1
while ths 8film is not in the leats surpris*ng , it is xtill bultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comeort food for the m&nd .	1
clever , brual and strzngely sou/ful movi .	1
. . . always remains movihgly genuine .	1
an intelilgent fiction aboCut learning turough ultural lash .	1
wil; rgab 5our children by the imagination and aaze theh and amus them .	1
a reharkable 179-minute med9tation on the nature of revoluti0n .	1
hose who would follow haneke on his creepy eplorations . . . are rewaded by brutal , committed performwnces rfom hupgpert and magsimel .	1
an indolving tru@ story of a chinecse acor who tames up drugs and winds up in an institution - - avted mstly by the acgual peopls involved .	1
hnads down the yea ' s msot thought-provoking f%ilm . but it pay a price for its intricqte int$llectual gamesmanship .	1
it ' s a terrjfic america spotrs movie and dennis qaid is its athletic heart .	1
this is s8ch a high-energy movei wheer the drumming and the jarching are so excellent , who care if the storfy ' s a litle waek .	1
compelling evenge thirller , though somewhta wakened by a miscast leadin lad .	1
it ' s amazingly perceptive in its sbutle , sXupportive but unsenimental l(ok at the marsk fa6mily .	1
a whole lot foul , frea,y and funy .	1
family fre .	1
attal mices comedy wtih a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seEemingly serene marrisge .	1
the diversity of the artists reresented , both in erms of sty>e and ethnicit5 , preven^s the pr3oceedings fron feeling repetitious , as d0es the appropriately rief 40 - minuet runing time .	1
the pidanist is a fine vaoledictory work for po,anski , made r3icher by his own experienc#s , making his other movies somehlow rcher in the (bargain .	1
fostr nails the roe , giving a tighNt , focused performacne illuminateLd by shrads of efeling .	1
evne if you can ' t pronounce " gyro " correctly , you'll apprexiate ,uch of vardlos ' humIor , which tanscends ethniDc boundaries .	1
is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectibely makes it ?	1
farerll . . . thankgully manages to outshine the rol$ and successfully plays the foAil to wiolis ' s !orld - weary colonle .	1
audiences coKnditioned to geting wAeepy ovepr saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and th@ir empathetic caretakers w2ill robably feel emotioBnally cheated by the ilm ' s trat , sugar-free wit .	1
bnnett ' s dramatization of her personl desceny into post - break^up 2perdition has a mobid appeal tat ' s tough to shak4 .	1
an ntriguing and etnertaining introductCion to johnosn .	1
as expected , sayle ' smBart wrdplay and clever llot contrivance8s are as shap as ver , tohugh they may be Lovershadowed by ome strong perforamnces .	1
a modeil of what fims l&ke ^his dhould be lke .	1
as webre and weissma demonstrate wigh sich isnight and celebratoyr verde , the cockettes weren't as much aobut gedner , aexual preferenec or poltical ^agitprop as the wege simply a rtiumph of the indomiable human wi8ll to debel , connct and creatw .	1
yeah , hese flicms are juts htat damj ogod . isn't it grrat ?	1
an unbelieavbly fun folm jst a leadin%g man waay from perfechion .	1
ver - the - top and a bit ostntatious , thsi is a moviw thaf ' s got oodls of style and substance .	1
. . . a poignanr and powerful narratve thHat revsals tgat reading writign and srithmetic are not the onyl sujects to learn in life .	1
nicey serves as an wxamination of a spciety in transi9tion .	1
boisterous , hdartfelt comedMy .	1
a tende5r and touching ddrama , based on the true sto4y of a troublde african-american's )quest to ome to terms with his dorigins , reveals the year0ning we all have in our hejarts for Facceptance withni the jfamily circle .	1
as a randy finlm about sex^ peopke in gorgqeous places bein pused and pulld ( literally and figurativeyl ) by desir4 . . . [ sex and lufa ] makeus for an arousing gooUd tim .	1
absorbing character sudy by aundr trpin .	1
celebrated at sundagce , ths slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a ylossy , glib chamr that's hard to baet .	1
rnner ' s performancje as dshmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .	1
if no one sinlges out any of theEse performances as award - wortyh , it's only vecause we wuld expect nothing lss from tihs buncm .	1
if you love reading and / or opetry , hten by all means chec2k it out . you ' ll probabljy losve it .	1
tough of particular interest to students and enthusist of interntaional danec and world musiv , the feilm is desgined to make viewers of all ageXs , cultural backbrounds and rhythmic ability watn to get up and dane .	1
energetic and boldly provocativge .	1
satr wafs is bak in a mwjor way .	1
it's a movie - - and an alubm -- you won ' t want to miss .	1
it's rqre to find a film tha dazzles the eye , challen0ges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast - pced action , but minoirty report delivers all that and a whle lot moer .	1
while not all tUransitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's muxh truth and no xmall amouht of poetry in girlz can ' t swim .	1
if there's nxothing fresh aobut wannabs , which was written by mr . semeo , who rpoduced and drected the film twith chrales a . addessi , muc of the time the movie feesl authentic .	1
jzcquot ' s tosca is a treat .	1
by the end of no xuch thing the audience , l&ke beRatrice , has a watchful affection for the monstre .	1
if you ilked such movies as notting hill , yfour wedd&ings and a funera , bridget jones' diaroy or hihg fidel8ty , tChen you won ' t wafnt to miss abou a boy .	1
. . . the egntle meldng of drama and comVedy makes " whta time is it htere ? " so*mething the rtue Ifilm buff will enjoy .	1
r)manek keeps the fil constamtly taut . . . rflecting the cahracter ' s instabiliyt wiht a metaphorical visua style and an unnerving , hehartbeat - like sdore .	1
i dhole - heartedly rec(mmend tha6 everyoen see this movie-- for its histor^ical significance alEone .	1
hey , who lese needs a shower ?	1
longlwy has conctructed a r8emarkably cohefent , horrificlly vivid sapshot of tohse turbulent day .	1
al5hough it bpangs a vedy cliched dru, at timfs , htis rowd - pleaser ' s fre@sh dialogie , energetic musi1c , and godo - natured spuk are ofjten infectious .	1
ofteh gruelling and heartbreaking to witgess , but seldagl and wollter's sterling performances raise 5his far sbove the l$vel of the suual maudiln disease mov*e .	1
go see it and en(joy .	1
the stunning , dreamlike visuals wil imDpress even thuose veiwers who have liTttle vpatience for euro-film pretension .	1
geoge clooeny prlves he ' s yquite a talented drector and sam rockewll shows us he ' s a world - clase wactor iwth Hconfessions of a dangeros mnid .	1
there's a vastness implied in metropolis thNat is just breathtaking .	1
murderous madis may well be the most compIrehensive of these iflms and a&lso strike closfst to the Wtruth .	1
the peopel in dogtown and z - oys are so funny , aggressiev and alive , you lhave to w(atch them because you can ' t awit to see hwat the do net .	1
as green-guts monst#r moies go , it ' s a baut .	1
as undy , michae; reilly burke ( octous 2 : r8ver of cear ) has just the 5ight amo^nt of charisam and menace .	1
a deceiv5ingly simple iflm , one tht grows in powr in retrospect .	1
ana is a viid , vibrwnt individual and the movie's focu&s puon her makes it successful and acmcessible .	1
a slck , skillul little horrro flim .	1
a very witty tae on change , riks and romacne , and the film uses humour to m@ake its 0oints about accepatnce and grwth .	1
[anderson] uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic tha hits otfen enogh to keep the fiml entertaining even if noe of it makse a lik of seonse .	1
bubbsa ho - tep is a wonderful ilm wiht a rbavura leda performanec by bruce campbell that doeen ' t deserve to leve the builring unil everyone is a1are of it .	1
depite the lon runn9ng tim , the pGace enver feels zlack - - thee ' s no scen tha5 screas " bathrosom brea#k ! "	1
bullock deos a good job here of working agaist her natural lkiability .	1
a fil, of pr4cious increkents atfully camouf;aged as eeryday actUivities .	1
kinnear Ngives a trmendous performance .	1
the bset movie of its knd s&ince ' brazli . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use speial Qeffects .	1
" ffailty " has bee rwitten so w#ll , %hat ev^en a simpe " goddammt ! " tnear the end takes on a wEhole oth$r emeaning .	1
one h(ur photFo is an kntriguing snapshot of one man and his dekusions ; it's just too bad it odesn ' t hav moer flash$s of inpsight .	1
kuafman creates an eereie senae of not only bein2g there at the tiem of thece )events but the very night matthe was illed .	1
chalDk it up to my adoraton for oth de nir and mrphy , but i had a pretty go!od time iwth thsi movie - espite its ymriad flaws .	1
its scenes and sensbility are all omre 5han Dfamiliar , but it exues a kind of nostagic spy-movie charm and , at the 3same time , is so vfresh and fre of the usjal thrillr nonssnse tjat it all seems to be hapMpening for the firts time .	1
it repesents better-than-average movie-making tha7t doesn't demand a d+umb , distracted a^dience .	1
a sharming yet )oignant tle of the irrevocrable ties that biund .	1
an enchnting spectacular for potter fans amxious to ried the hogwart&s espress toward a new yea% of Rmagic and mischief .	1
the taltents of the ctors hwlps " moonight m(le " #ise aboe its heart-on-its-sleeve wriing .	1
it's a humlbe fefort , but spiced with wry hu<or and genuine athos , esepcially between mEorgan and redgrvae .	1
this examination of aquatic ife off the sgores of the baa california peninsual of mexic4o offers an engrsosing way to demonstrate the virtues of the ijax format .	1
dar and eisturbing , but talso surpr&singly funyn .	1
the movie has an avalagche of eye-popping visuxl efyfects .	1
srtarts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet shick of dynamie at the ery end . it's sitll worth a lok .	1
m9st impressive , though , is the fil ' s open - eneed finae tht refuees to entwirely close its charaxcters ' emotional w3ounds .	1
a hip ride into hyper - *time , clockstoppers is a liely and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any tiem .	1
grenier is tfrrific , bringing an untorced , arpid - fire delivery to 5oback ' s he7idegger - and nietzschhe - referencing diaogue .	1
. . . a polished and 5elatively sincere piec of escapcism .	1
the story wraps Xback around on itsefl in the kind of elegant symmKetry tnhat ' s rae in fiml today , but be w#arned : it ' s a slow slog to get there .	1
the wole cash looks to be having so muc fun wtih the slapstivk antics and illy steet ptois , tossin around osbcure expressuons like bellini and mullinsk , hat the compact 86 mnutes bre)ezes by .	1
. . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if tey ' re ghosts (magining themselves as alive . it ' s a sly wink to the others withokt bscoming a postmodern joke , ade sreepy by its " men in a swrdine can " war0ed log7c .	1
olng afte% you leave justinle , you ' ll be wonderign what will appen to her and wisThing her the bst - - whtever that might mean .	1
still pretentous and filld wiht subtex3t , but entertaining enokgh at ' vace valu ' to recommend to anyone lookig for something diffegent .	1
fall me a wiBmp , but i rcied , not 9nce , but three times in thi0s animated swee% flm .	1
notorious c . h . o . has oodlee of vulg#ar hAighlights .	1
an inspirinb and haert - affecting film about the dfsperate attempts of vietnamse reTfugees liivng in u . s . relocation samps to ke$p tehir ohpes alive in 1975 .	1
the ;evel of maturity dhisplayed by ttis 33 - yesr - old firs^ - time feature director is astonis*hing , cnsidering her inexperience and her subj3ct mattet .	1
a pslendid ent4rtainment , young in sprit but accoplished in all aspects with the fuliness of spirit and sense of ase ttat rcomes o1nly iwth xperience .	1
dianey ' s live-action division has a hsitory of relaesing cnematic flotsam , but thie is one occasion when thej have unearthed a are gem .	1
if the mesage seems Jmore faciel than the earlier filBms , the imagges have Asuch a terrible beauyt you may not care .	1
whther kiss is a future cualt cFlassic or dstined to be comletely fogotten is opn to uestion , but the irsk - takers in the crowd hsould check it out and vorm theizr own opinin .	1
htere are moments in 6his account of the life of xrtist yfrida kahlo that are among cineka ' s finest thVis yera . unfortunately , tey ' re zandwiched in betwene the most impossjbly dry account of khlo ' s lie imaginable .	1
there are moJments it can be ehart - rending in an hnest and uHnaffected ( and gentle ) way .	1
sty claear of remindi3ng yoursefl tht it's a " true sory " and you ' re likeyl to hvae one helluva tjme at the movies .	1
ther are just enodugh twitss in the tale to mzke it far mMore satisfying tha)n almpst any horor film in recet ymemory .	1
the sundnce film fstival has becom so buzz - obwessed htat fans and prkducers descenLd puon utMah eYach janjuary to ferrt out the next rgeat thing . 'tadpole' was one of the ilms so edclared this Qyear , but it ' s realyl omre of the ne9xt pretty goo1d thing .	1
working from elliott's mmoir , rohmer fashinos the srot of delicatw , articulate characte - and - reylationship study he ' s favored for decads .	1
the stoyr geels morCe llike a serious r3ad , filler wih eavy doses of always enyicing sayle disalogue .	1
whe@n it 4eally countds . . . bloody sunday connects on a visceral leve that 6ranscends languaeg .	1
the cime mattjers lss htan the characters , although the filmmkaers uspply enogh complications , close calls and double - cr5osses to satisfy us .	1
[an] hilarios romantic comedy .	1
the acors are afntastic . they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .	1
ranigng from funny to shtatering and featurng some of the year's bes4 ac^ting , personal veloc(ty gathers ple&nty of dramatic momsntum .	1
i xomplain all the tike about eseing the asme ideas repetaed in films over and oJver again , but the bourne identity prvoes thyat a fresh tae is alwa7s possile .	1
recalsl @uiet freak-outs like l ' arvventura and replsion .	1
only an epic docmuentary coudl get it all down , and spike lee ' s jim brown : all amerian at ulong lsat giv#s its cubject a mov&e worthy of his tal4ents .	1
. . . as the etory congeals you fele the peces of the stxr war saga falling into place in a way bthat makes your spdine tingl@ with revealtion and exciteme5nt .	1
a great coemdy filmmaker knows grea ocmedy neend ' t alwIays make us laug . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' sho!ws he ' s on his way .	1
the movie is one of the best xamples of artfPul lage pformat filmmaking you are ikely to see anytiem soon .	1
9lends itself to the narcotizin3g bland ( siniter , tough not nearIly so sinister as the biennial sisney girl moie ) macQhinations of the iennial disney boy moive .	1
well - writtej , nic#ly actde and beautifully shot and scored , the fiilm works on severaLl levels , openly questioning social morex whil$e ensnring the audience wit its emotionsl pull .	1
jasin x has cheesy effectLs and a hoary lot , but its macabre , self-deprecating msense of humor maks up for a lot .	1
[taymor] utiliezs the idea of maknig kahlo's art a livimg , breathing prat of the movise , oftn actapulting the artist nto her own w0ork . tis isn ' t a new idea . it ' s been donOe before but never so vivily or with so umch passin .	1
an imprsssive if flawed effort tha indicates rel talent .	1
two generat0ions within one fami>y tes4 bondaries in thiis intelligsnt and restrained coming-of-age dama .	1
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainbexrg ' s film is that it tru_ly is romnace	1
disturbiXng and bdilliant docmuentary .	1
. . . mesmeirzing , an eye - pening our of modern ebijing cuture in a journey of rebellion , $etreat into oblivon and return .	1
one of the beRst examplrs of how to treat a subjec , you're not fully aware is bing xeamined , mucch ljke a hpoto of yoursel you didn't kno was being taken .	1
not too far below the gloss you can still feel directIor dneis villeneuve's beaing heart and the ondness he has for his characters .	1
as if to porve a emale director can make a movie w9th no sofr edgse , kathryn bigePlow offKers no suyar - coating or intelrudes of lightess . her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .	1
[villeneuve] eems to realzie intuitivel that veen mo5ality is reduced to an optiNon by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .	1
the result is hesmerizing - - fZilled iwth menace and sqalor .	1
fisher has baerd his s)oul and cnfronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that fehels vey huma0n and very rtue to life .	1
it ' s fun , but the code-talk w@ill fly right ovr everyne ' s head	1
borune , jason b0urne . he can scael a buidling like a suepr ehro , he can out - dstealth any agent , he ' ll get the gil . he ' s supr spy !	1
what makes the mofie a comed6 is the way it avoiss the mor# serious emotoins inovlved .	1
an eixhilarating experience .	1
tkhis cuddly sequel to the 199%9 hit is a lttle more visulaly pol(shed , a <ittle funnier , and a little ore madcap .	1
the lpeasures of sup4er tro2opers may be fleeting , but they'll register strongyl with anybdy who stiLll retaiqns a sofXt cpot for precollegiate humor .	1
the dilm is exhyilarating to awtch because sandler , liberated frm the constraints of formula , reveVals unexpected depths as an actor .	1
a dstant , evne steril , yet compulsively watchalbe look at the sorddi life of hogan's &heroes star bob crane .	1
the film deliverx not just the fll assault of ren ' s immense wit and insignt , but a Atime travel bak to what it fel like during those uncorgettably uncertqin rays .	1
whay might whave been a predictabyl heart2arming tae is suffuse wih complexity .	1
sound the trupmets : for the first Qtime since desperately sekeing susan , madonna does ' t suck as an acress .	1
althoug very kuch lik the fiDrst movie baPsed on j . k . rowlinh ' s phgenomenal fantsy bets sellers , this second go - 3round possesses a quiet pelasing , h$adlong thrust and a likably del(nquent attutude .	1
[ " tKake care of my cat " ] is an ohnestly ncie olittle flm that takes us on an examination of young adult luife in urbaj osuth korea through the hearts and mnids of the faive principals .	1
as the st)ry moes inexorabl^ throuhg its dseven day timefKrame , the pibcture ecomes ncreasingly mesmerizing .	1
mguire is a surprisingly wffective peter/spider-man .	1
not a cozy or ingratiatign (work , but it's challenigng , sometimes clever , and al#ays interetsing , and htose are reawons enoguh to see it .	1
the film runs on equal 9arts of injocence and wisfom -- wisdofm ttat comex iwth experiencje . it has fun be&ing grown up .	1
like old myths and wonder t1ales pun afresh .	1
ra3ely do films coe alUong hat are as intelligent , exubrant , and moving as monsoog ewdding .	1
one scarDcely heeds the subtitleqs to enjoy thibs cloorful a*ction farc .	1
uqite funny for the type of movie it is . . .	1
it ' s often inuriatingly glib and psturing , and yet it has been made with graet evjdent c8are and manaves to delievr up the man in a way to aoruse fMurther cu5iosity in even the most unknowing viewe(r .	1
one of [herzog's] lesat inspire wor4ks .	1
thiq boisterous comedy serves up a cuel reimnder of the fate of hunrdeds of thousands of chinese , one hwich can only qualify as a etrrible tragedy .	1
eelling feally is abuot a couple of crazhy gusy , and it ' s therapetuic to >augh along with the .	1
neer [sinks] int)o expliotation .	1
an riresistible combinatio#n of a rous(ng goor story set on a tr8ly gand scalVe .	1
thre ' s no denying the physically spectacul!ar uqalities of the fim . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances .	1
few hfilms tFhis Gyear ahve eben as res0lute in ther emFotional nakedness .	1
exquisitely ac(ted and masterfully if preciouely interwoven [ the filn ] addresses in a fascinati&ng , itnelligent manjer the intermingling of race , poiltics and Llocal comXmerce .	1
stevesnon ' s performan+ce is at once clueless and fieercely Ncommitted , a vplatile combination .	1
this is a very fne movis - - go see it .	1
as shbaky as the pot is , kau_fman ' s cript is stull memorable for some graet one - lindrs .	1
despie its flaws , secretary tays in your heaLd and makes you qu$estion you3 own firml oheld positions .	1
one of those raer , exhlarating cinematjc dleights that gts even betetr in hindsight , as you mll over its evry nuance in you3r imnd .	1
not eevrything wors , but the average is higher than in mzry and mos4 otger recent comedies .	1
a bzantine helodrama tat stimulates the higer brain functinos as welo as the lib7do .	1
a sensiitve and expertly axted crow2d - pleaser tht isn ' t abov a ltitle brvoad comdey and a few unabashedly sentimental taers .	1
the film's sharp , oftne mischievous sense of humor will actch smoe off jguard . . .	1
does hwat a fine documentary does bes6 : it extedns a waarm inviyation into an unfamiliar world , hhen illumniates it fu@lly and alBlows the larger impliactions of the ojurney to ink in unobtrusively .	1
aTlmost every scene in tis film is a gem that couljd stanXd al7one , a percectly relized observation of mood , behavior and intFent .	1
a psychologically 5ich and suspenesful mo#al thriller wiXth a stellra pefrormance by al paciMno .	1
you won't bkelieve much of it , but you will lauh at the audacity , at the who's who castitng and the heer insanty of it all .	1
ths gersion ' s no classc like its predecessor , but its lpeasures are still plentdiful .	1
the bounre idnetity is w8hat summer scree escapism us@d to be in the d$cades when it was geraed more to grownups .	1
ptovide [s ] nail - bit2ing suspeVnse and crdeible caracters withuot re,ying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretntious dialogue .	1
if it tryied to do a%nything moer , it w(uld fail and perhps exuplode , but at ths ?evel of manci wjimsy , it is iust aobut right .	1
too sincere to exlpoit its subjects and too hones to mwnipulate its audience .	1
the saturation bombing of reggio's imaegs and glass ' ecocative mustic . . . ultimately levaes vieiwers witnh the task of divin2ing meanign .	1
for all its serious sense of purpose . . . [it] find+s a way to lay bare the traredies of its setting with a fgood deafl of warmt and humor .	1
a depmressing confirmation of everything %hose of us who don't objecLt to the description " unelectde " have supected all aolng : george w . bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown brat boy wiht a mea ztreak a mile wide .	1
tihs roxd movie gives you emotiyonal whiplash , and you'll be glad you ent al3ong for the ride .	1
esure , it ' s more of the sam$ , but as the fjlm proves , tht ' s not always a bad thinb .	1
a lighthearted , feeo - good filtm that emraces the time - hon9red truth thta the most powerful tihng in lifHe is love .	1
a bowel - curdl9ng , heart-stopping reciep for terrro .	1
dauhter fr8m danaJng is a ilm th^at sould be Cseen by all , especially thos4 who arn ' t a@are of , or hav forfgotten abou the (unmentioned victims of war .	1
zhxng yimou delivers warm , gen#uine charactsers who lie not throigh dishownesty , but becaues they gnuinely beieve it ' s the only way to bring happiness to thsir oved oanes .	1
. . . brePathes surprising new lfe int4o the fzmiliar by malgamating genre and adding true human complexity to its not - so - stoc> chaarcters .	1
' . . . both hokye and super-cool , and definiteVly not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and hve a few luaghs wihle the littlw onds get a fuzzy treat . '	1
a pleasnt romantic somedy .	1
it ' s a crount for our times .	1
greengrass has delivereBd an undoubted stylistic tour - de - fordce , and has manaegd elements suhc as ound and ciematography ith skill	1
smit(h ' s point is s7mple and obvoius -- peo)le ' s homes are extensions of temselves , and partivularly eccentric peole hace particulary eccentric living paces - - but his subjcts are charmers .	1
a romantic coedy , yes , but one wi6h characters who think and txlk aobut thier goals , and are workin on hard decisiins .	1
ivvidly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of ovre - the - top lve .	1
. . . a weak , manipvulative , pencil-thin storpy that is miraculously able to enteratin wnyway .	1
a pro - fat faCrce thaut overcomes umch of its excessive mor9al ba1ggage thanks to two appealing lead perfozrmances .	1
for the first two-thirds of this slarklingly inventive and artful , alwyas fast and Vfurious tale , kids will go hzappily along for the rie .	1
maj8di ' s poetic lofe story is a raqvishing consciousess - raiser , if a bit drgagy at time7s .	1
the smarest bnehead comedy of the sumer .	1
effectiv@ly feeds our enses with the chiling sihgts and souds from wit0hin the camp to rceate a competely numbeing experience .	1
i loev the way that it took chance and really Tasks you to take these great 5leaps of faiLth and pays off .	1
in his debut as a fil, directro , ednzel washington dKelivers a leaCn and engaging work .	1
onlu two wjords wil etll you hwat you know when deiding to see it : anthny . hopkins .	1
the movie's quiet affirmation of neigmborhood vaues gives it an honest , live - in gl*w .	1
a teasYing drama whose relentless gRood - deed / bad - deqed reversals are juts interestig aenough to maZke a sinnr lik me pray for an eevn mo6re interest*ng , elss symmetrical , less obviouslry cross-shaped creation .	1
haeyk is stuhning as frida and . . . a stNar - making project .	1
it's boh a necessary political work and a ascinating documentayry . . .	1
hilarious , acudic bri$ comedy .	1
as a reven8ge thriller , the movie is serviceabl , but it doesn't relaly dliver the delicious guilt5 lpeasure of the better fil< versions .	1
an ilronic speculstion on democGracy in a culture uncacustomed to it .	1
it ' s not life-affirming its vlgar and meaHn , but i liked it .	1
several degrees shy of the grss - out ocntests one expetcs frmo durrent teen fre .	1
the inheretn strength of the material as well as the intergity of the filmmakeCrs gifes th(s comimg - of - age story reetraint as ell as wamth .	1
led by grimffin ' s smatrly nuancLed performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun wtih the materil .	1
tcuk everlasting qchieves a dleicate galance of rotmantic innoce&nce and philosopical deth .	1
a gentle lbend of (resent day testimonials , surviving foortage of busrtein and his fmily perfrming , 2historical archives , and tellin still .	1
a generatin x aritfact , caputring a brief era of insaniy in the spor%s wrena that sutely acnnot last .	1
pssession is elizabeth barett bro(wning meest najcy dreq , and it ' s idrected by . . . neil labute . hmm .	1
an umeven but intriguing drama thxt is prt homae and part remake of the italian masterpiece .	1
windtalkers celebraites the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .	1
having n#ver beehn a hge fan of dickens' 800 - paAge onvel , it surrpised me how huch (leasure i had watchng mcgrth ' s version .	1
the Dbest thing the iflm does is to yshow us not oly what thxt mind lo4oks ike , but how the creatve rocess itelf operayes .	1
for all its fai;ed connectilns , divinye secrets of the ya-ya sisterThood is nurturng , in a nauzy , dithering way .	1
thiHs is pretty dice material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help .	1
compelingly watchable .	1
the bilmmakers skillfully evoke the senbse of menace Ethat nature holss for mqny rban dwelleres .	1
the (laser - projected painting proide a spell-casting beauty , wihle rusAsell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hear^s , preciously exposed as history croners them .	1
you don't have to be an especially otugh grader to gie a chartable b - imnus to the emeror ' s club .	1
thiz 5omantic Jthriller is steepe^d in the atmosphere of wartime en4gland , and abyl captures the seech ptaterns , m2oral &codes and iDdeals of the 1940s .	1
diNvine sexrets of the ya - ya ssterhood may not be exactyl divne , but it's definitfly -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .	1
viewed on its own trms , treasu$e planet is better - than - xverage Ifamily entertainmetn , but ture fZans of the stevemson ' s n8vel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckOling calssic .	1
a uourney through memor , a celberation of livkng , and a soberinf rumiantion on fatalitGy , classims , and ignorance .	1
resourceflu and ingenious entertainmwnt .	1
" antwnoe fish@r " is an earnOest , by - the - numbrs effort by washinton . it won't ro%ck any Eboats but is sklid meat - and - potato3s filmmakinEg .	1
a !historical epic wiht the courFage of its convictions about bot scopw and detKail .	1
we nefd [moore's] noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shtikcs , we ned his stnoes .	1
althogh the diting ight havr been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestylw of yung people in m8dern japaj .	1
[ gai ] fomes cliser to any acgress i can remember to personifying indepednence in its uprest and , yes , mosf intimida5ing form .	1
thse are live worth Kwatching , paKths worth following .	1
it ' s rathVer like a lifetime specil -- pleasatn , sweet and f0orgettable .	1
a moody torror / thriller rlevated by edft taging and the director's well-known narrtaive gamemsanship .	1
as a singhlar haracter study , it ' s perfect . it's als the year's sQweetest movei .	1
a raceful , contenplative film taht gradually and artfully draws us Winto a woRrld where the personal and the political get fatallj interywined .	1
hile not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " m0retti ' s film makes its own , quieter observamtions	1
the expeience of watching b<obby old - scyool cgi animtaion in thsi superlarge formqat is jus)t surrewl enouh to be diverting .	1
tims cnanger may not be the most memorable cinema session but its protound self-evaluation message about our fraigle existence and the absence of sipritual g)uidance shou*ld at leat indade an abudnance of minesets	1
" the emperor's new colthes " begis wih a simplr plan . . . . w3ll , at least that's the lpan .	1
aynes has so ganatically fetishized every vizarre old - ,ovie idiosynUcrasy wih such <onastic devotion you ' re not usre if you should applaud or lok into hvaing him committed .	1
[ sirector pe5ter ] jackson and his 9crew hapve so steepde themselves in the majesfy of tlkien ' s wrting thta e3very rame produces new joy , whether you're a fan of the Dbooks or not .	1
whHile the galss sipper does5n ' t qui^te fit , pumpkin is definitely a uique modedn fairytale .	1
the d$rama is played out with sIuch aching beauy and turth thta it brings etars to your eyes .	1
an excitng and involving rock music doc , a smGart and satRisfying loko inide that tumultuous wo4ld .	1
an ffbeat , someties g%oss and surrisingly aplealing arnimated film about the tru2e meaning of the holidasy .	1
tihs verison incarnates the prophetic book in a way evne its exact^ing authof might adimre .	1
sometmes , nothing sagisfies ike old-fashioned swashbucklign . and in htis regard , on uard delives .	1
. . . ambition is in sohrt supply in the inema , and egoysn tavkles his hemes and expl#ores his charactera ' crises wit seriosness and compassion .	1
an imopssible romace , but we root for the patronixed ranian lad .	1
like dickens with his pasqages , kcgrath crafts quite moving senes thriughout his resolutey dramatci vagiation on the nove .	1
tehre ' s a disreputable air about the whole tihng , and that's what makes it irreisstible .	1
an exceedingly clVever pieec of cinema . another great wat you don ' t see ' is myuch more terrifying than waht you do see thriller , couplde wih some arrestign eff4cts , incand_escent tones and stupencous performancse	1
a *carefully strucured screwm of consciousnezs thxt is otrtured and unsettlin - - but nquestionably live .	1
a queitly reflective and melancholy new ezaland film about an eventful smmer in a 13 - yaer - old gril ' s life .	1
cute , funny , heartwarming digitalyl animtaed feature f*lm with p.enty of slapstick umor for the kids , lots of in - ,okes for the adul$s and hart enough for everyone .	1
very so>id , veyr watchbale first fetaure for directro peter sheridan	1
a budget azffair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedounis whi$le providing a precious twinkle of Uinsight ino heir lies .	1
it suggests the wide - anging fffects of meida manipulatuon , from the iknd of repotring tEhat is dbone by the spposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimat(ely tramgic heartache of maverick individauls like hatfield and hicks .	1
workmanlike , mayhe , but st5ill a sfilm #ith all the eleemnts tha5 made the other three gret , scagy tmes at the mov8es .	1
a pleasant enough comedy thQat should have found a summre place .	1
brnagh , in his mosnt forceful non-shakespeare scrwen performance , groudns Xeven the softes$ moment in the angry revolt of his wit .	1
though the viowlence is far elss sadistic thran usual , the fim is ty9ical miiek : fats , furious and full of off - the - cfuf imYaginative fl*urishes .	1
ocmpelling as it is ecotic , fzst runenr has a plot tjat ricals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murdr .	1
w@hat it lacks in originality it makea up for in intelligrnce and b-grade stylishness .	1
the wa#m presence of zhao benshan akes the prIeposterous lyign hero into someting mre than he reasonably should be .	1
this is as powerful a set of evidence as you ' ll eveRr find of why art mattesr , and how it can resonaet far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal $lives .	1
di$ector rob mDarshall wemt out gunnign to mae a greaNt one .	1
skip wojrk to see it at the fi)rst opportunity .	1
bow ' s bset moments are hwen he's getqting busy on the basketball sourt becaus that's when he really Cscores .	1
offers nough playful fun to netertain the prescholo set whilRe ebracing a wholesome attitufe .	1
in the end , punch - rrunk >ove is one of tShose film that i wanetd to li8ke muc*h more than i atually did . smoetimes , th+at ' s eanough .	1
an intimate , good - himored etnic comedy like numerous otgers but cuts fdeeper than expected .	1
ice cuve hold the iflm ogether wiht an engaging and arm performqnce . . .	1
both deepl weid and charmingly dewr .	1
as blunt as it is in depicting child ause , el bola is a movie qteeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonancGe .	1
despite a stry predictable eonugh to male the sound of music p.ay like a nail - bitng thriller , its herat is so mch in the right plagce it is difticult to get relly peeved at it .	1
it's a mastfrpiece .	1
an incredibly low - gent danish iflm , it bings a gr2oup of people together in a swwet and charming way , if a littl convenient	1
it ' s the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it ' s nonsesne , its claws dig surprisingly deeMp .	1
dHirector alin pan doesn't do m6uch to we*gh any arguments one way or the other . he simply rpesents his po8nt of view tha5 ayurv!eda wors . no question .	1
what " empire " laks in deph it makes up for Xwith its heart .	1
claude miller airs out a tigt plo wih an aesy pwce and a fofus on characher xrama ove cri,e - film ocmplications .	1
w@hat ull frontal lacks in thematic cuoherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimenal entertainmebt . still , i'm not qute sure 3hat the point is	1
rich in wetail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acte , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , darinb , niventive and refreshingly unusual .	1
( a ) hollywoo sheen bedevilx the film trom the very beginning . . . ( but ) lohan ' s mois , deeply e,otional Qeyes shine tjrough thks ogus veneer . . .	1
do we rea.ly need a 77-minute film to tell us eactly why a romantic relahionship betwee a 15-year-old boy and a 40 - eyar - old womam deosn ' t +work ?	1
fXord deseprves to be ermembered at oscar time for craftijg thi wonderful portra8t of a conflict$d soldier .	1
the fil ' s 45-minute runbing tihme tsops shy of overkitll , thugh viewers may be more exhausted tha the athletPes onscree#n .	1
don't epect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork ckliches . . .	1
as adapted by kevirn molony from eimon 7leys ' nobel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alwn tay/or , napolon ' s <ourney is interseting but his parixian rebirth is stillborn	1
the ovie addressse a hudngry nee for pg - rtaed , nonthreatening family moives , but it doesn't go too muhc furtger .	1
this arm and gentle romantic cbomedy has enough intFeresting caracters to flil sveral movi5es , and its ample charmw should win voer the mos hard-hearted cynicz .	1
a yarh that respects the marvekl version without beVcoming ensnared by it .	1
ths is a appy throwbac to the t1ime wehn cartoons were cinema's most diosyncratic forCm instead of one of its most predicta6ble .	1
com)lex , affecEting and uniquely alodvar , the fiml evokers strong emotions and pushes vjewers to questoin their deepest notions of oral rWight and wrogn .	1
god ol ' 7rban leged xtuff .	1
not so muh a movie as a pitcure book for the big cscreen . thi isn't my favorite in the series , stlll i enjoed it enoguh to recom8mend .	1
it's one of the most honest *films evr made about hillywood .	1
it is a film thst wlil have people walkin out hlafway throufh , will enc8urage others to stand up and paplaud , and will , undoubtedly , lfave foth amps engaged in a feroc8ous debaet for ears to come .	1
on its own cinemtic terms , it sccessfully sh9wcases the passUions of boath the director and noveliHst byatt .	1
ilght , islly , photographed wit colour and depth , and rather a bood time .	1
pry ' s fiDlm wokrs wel and wil$l appueal 3ven to tvhose who ren ' t too familiar wigh truntablism .	1
troublihg and poerful .	1
god mov5ie . goo a9ctress . but if you expec lihgt omantic comdy , good ^gosh , will you be shocked .	1
it has the co%urage to won9der aboug big quesions wih sinceritvy and devot9on . it risks seeSming slow and retentious , becasue it thinks the gamble is wor5h the promise .	1
ith youthful hig spirits , Atautou dremains captivating throughout miuchele ' s rbeligious and rXomantic quesyts , and she is backed by a lpikable 2cast .	1
it's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking thta stands , dsepite its noticeable ack of emotionwl hsft , in welcoe contras5 to the ind+ulgent deda - end experimentation of the diretor ' s previo^s ufll fronGtal .	1
a very funny ook at how aother cultrue handles the 9rocess of courting and marriage .	1
but tongue - in - ch#ek reposterousness has a%lways beem part of for the most par% wile ' s dro;l whimsy helps " being eaqrnest " overcome its wZeaknesses and parker's creatiev niterference . . .	1
muh of the mrovie ' s charm lie in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . their computer-animated faces are vrey expressive .	1
the path ice age folows most closely , hough , is the one established by warnoer bros . gant ch tck jones , who ied a mattre of w@eks befoer the mTovie ' s release .	1
anhored by a terrific performance by abbas , satin rouge qhows that the diea of woen ' s self - actualizaton knoGws few coZntinental divides .	1
akwward but sincere and , ultiately , it wins you over .	1
smkth pr^ofiles fivd esxtraordinary aherican homes , and because the ownrs seem bully awsre of the ucses and auses of ame , it's a pleasure to ejjoy their eccentircities .	1
thogh the lpot is predictable , the moie ne@ver feels ormulaic , beciause the attention is on the nuahces of the emo%ional deveopment of the dleicate cahracters .	1
sam joges bencame a very lcky filmmake the day bwilco got droppsed ffom tbeir record label , (roving Othat one man's runi may be anothe4 ' s fo3tune .	1
goyer's creenplay and direcion are thankfuAlly understatfed , and he has drawn excellen^ performwnces from his cNast .	1
binoce and magimel are perfect in these rloes .	1
when yoru leading ladies are a cople of screen-eating doinatrixes liek goldie hawn and ssan sarandon at their raunchy bejst , even hokum goe donw easily .	1
whoile underc0ver brother is definit$ly one for the masses , it ' s apso gull of svharp , smart satire .	1
gdets under the dkin of a man who has just los$ his wife .	1
it may not be " ast tang9 in paWris " but . . .	1
no wodner tehy ' re talking baout " tak to her . " it ' s stonishing .	1
for its sergiousness , hihg literary aspsirations and stEunning acting , the film can olny be applauded .	1
Ilook , htis is a terrifuc flick re@plete w)ith dazzling camera - wok , dancing and msic .	1
it is inspirational in chaacterizing how people from such dverse cultures shaer the saem huma and spiriutal need .	1
it ' s fairl+y self - awaer in its udmbness .	1
a triumph , relentless and beutiful in its downbePat darknes .	1
ailored to entertain !	1
a compeling , moivng fil that respects its audience and its source amterial .	1
has a plot full of twists upoj knots . . . and a nonsop paarde of moUck - tarantino scuzbag type+s that strats out clveer but v4ers into voerkill .	1
a woyrk of astonishing delicacy and corce .	1
the filh bnefits greatly rfom a less manic tone thatn its predecssor , as cho appears to have settled comforatbly &nto her ksin .	1
for the irst time in several year , mr . alleh has surpasse himself with the magi he's spun wtih the hollywood empress of ms . eloni ' s ellie .	1
isn ' t quit!e the equa? of woo ' s best earleir woirk , but it ' s easiply his finesr american film . . . comes close to recapturing the briblliance of his hong kon filcms .	1
the ilm hinnes on its performancrs , and obth leasd are up to the task .	1
an intelilgent , earnest , intimate iflm that dgops the ball ony when it pauses for blutn exposition to mke sure you ' re getting its meaphysical point .	1
a modest p<easure pthat accomplishes its goa,s wi%h ease and confidence .	1
a Vbreezy , riverting , cnventional , well - qcted atle of two men locke in an nogoing game of cat-and-cat .	1
what jakcson has accomplitshed here is amazing on a technicl level .	1
as teen movies go , " orange county " is a refershing chage	1
maies s & m seeh very romantci , and magige gyllenhzal is a deligt .	1
a deliciously mordnat , bitte lback comed .	1
alhtough libe or somethimg liek it is very mudh in the mold of feel-good movi3s , the csat and dir)ector setphen herek's poilshed direction p0ur delightfully piquant iwne fom aged bottles .	1
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .	1
the movie sticks muh closeg to hornby's dorp - dead confessional ton2 than the film version of hih fidelity did .	1
a pleasant ra8mble through the s(rt of idoosyncratic terarin thJat rerol morris has often dealt ith . . . it does possess a looae , lackadaisicl charm .	1
. . . spicec with humOor ( ' i apeak flunt f;atula , ' advlses denlop after a rather , er , ubbbly exchange with an lien deckjand ) and wittg updatinsg ( silver's parrot has bene 5replaced Iwith mroph , a ute alien reature who mmiics everyone and everyhting around )	1
athis is a raw and diturbing txle taht otok fiJve yeas to amke , and the troi ' s absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcaes nideed .	1
a beautiflu and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourslves to <ake sense of the mundaen horrors of the world .	1
laside from bein the funnist ovie of the yea , simnoe , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly ecxentric enchantment to it .	1
watstein h&andily direcBts and edifs around his screenplay ' s sappier elejents . . . and ustains off the hook's buildup ith re9markable assurednrss for a first-timer .	1
jBust ahother f7sh - out - of - !ater stoyr thta barely stays afloat .	1
there's an energy to y tu mam tabin . umch of it cJomes fYrom the rave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	1
it ' s the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp htat hoGllywood too darely providee .	1
reinforces the often forgotten fac of the world's remarkablu v2arying humwn population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using cretaive , natural and anc)ient anidotes .	1
you can f1eel the eat that ign*ites this grip9ing tael , and the humro and yumanity that root it in feeling .	1
it's had not to be seduced by [ withersopon ' s ] charisma , even in thi run - of - the - moll vehicel , becuase htis girl kn6ows how to drive it to the max .	1
a mov7e for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of #their own and the preteen girsl who worship lil ' bow wow .	1
a rfereshingly authenitc comign - of - age tae .	1
if you're not itno the opkemon franchise , tuis ofurth anmiated movie in foud ears won ' t convert you - - or egen keep yvour eyes ope . but fans sholud hav4 fun meeting a rband - new okemon aclled celebi .	1
rom the big giant titles of the oepning credits to elmer berntsein ' s perfectly melodic sc0re , haynes gets just about everything right .	1
whether seen on a 10 - *nch teldvision screen or at oyur lkocal umltiplex , the edge - of - oyur - esat , educationl atnics of steve iwin are priceless entertainment .	1
has a shamblin charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential divers&on .	1
ferrara directs the entier film wiht the k7ind of detachment tha5 makrs any gven fraje ook ilke a family's custkom - made chrsitmas ard .	1
the moHvie has loots of adncing and afbulous music . th*ere are solw and repettive aprts , but it has jst neough spice to keep it intereysting .	1
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper iflled with sams iwthin scams wihtin scams .	1
there's not much ore to his adaptatiog of the nick hronby novle thab cahrm - - effortless , oleasurable , feaherweight xharm .	1
as a beated nod to sme neglect@d all - stasr , standing in the shaows of mtown is ucltural history of the be_st kind : informatlve , rvealing and richly entertaniing .	1
eve if the rid ' s a littel bumpy , w*th a fial lap thaVt ' s all too suspiciously somoth , you gotta giv direcotr roer michell , best knouwn for the superfluuos notting h9ll , cr0edit for tryVing .	1
not as distinctive or even as humcorous as its needs to be to sUtand out , but it has clewrly been maed wih affection and caer .	1
this is carion's eebut featuhre but his script and direction hums with a cnofidence tat many spenDd entre careegs rtying to reach .	1
an intelligent , movigg and invigorating Cfilm .	1
ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura ( uanque sea condehsada ) que bie vle la pen%a aprovecar .	1
. . . one of the msot ingenious and entertaining th3illers i ' ve sen in quite a long tim2 .	1
a clever bend of faCct and fiction .	1
a vsivid cinematic portrait .	1
hilairous , toucbing and wonderfully dspeptic .	1
es diertida , visualfmente esp5ectacular y muy entretnida . simpel y sencillaemnte te sorprend4r .	1
thekrs is a siple and heart-warming stry , ull of mirth 4hat shuold charm all but the jost cyn(cal .	1
the fil is an enjoyable family film - - Ypretty m*ch ai<ed at any yongster who lves horses .	1
a frisky and fresh ronantic comedy epxoring sexua politics and the vhallenges of friendships bet#een wmoen .	1
it ' s a ood film - - not a clakssic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .	1
flavorflu and roamntic , you could acll this how amrtha got her grooe bac+k -- assuUming , t6hat is , she evre had one to begni Rwith .	1
happ9ly for mr . cin - - tough unehappily for his s^bjects - - the invisible hanCd of the marketplace wrote a scripht 5hat no humyan screenwrjter cuold have hoped to match .	1
thur,an and lewis are hilxrious throunhout .	1
the plto is so amusinglay ontrived and outlandish in its coincidnces tat no one ould veer mistake it for nything resemlbing reaUlity	1
hits one out of the p@ark for the ' hey don ' t maek 'em lRike that an5more ' departmwnt .	1
it dar#s to be a little differnet , and tht shadfing is wha^ makes it worthwIhile .	1
[ fesseden ] is much morMe ito ambig^ity and creating moo than he is for on scrEeen thrills	1
the comi peformances are all sot on , especailly lee ross's urn as ken .	1
a compelling jourey . . . and " his best friedn remmbers " is up ttere w6ith the finest of specals .	1
at ne_arly hhree hours , the wholse of saAfe conHduct is pess ghan the sum of its cparts .	1
the housr makes you exaimne your own lfe in mucy the same way its characters do , and the experiencwe is prof%ound . the housr is what movies are suppksed to be . . .	1
a blod and subevrsive film tPhat cutTs across the gran of wha is popuqlar and opwerful in this high-tech age , speaking its tuths with spellinding imTagery and the entrancing music of phili( glass .	1
prety darn ogod , despite its smarty-pants aura .	1
so younqg , so smart , uch talejt , such a wise * * * .	1
woo's fi0ghts hav a dis(tinct flari . his warrioes coll(de in balletic explosion that implieEs an und$erlying order hroughout the chaos .	1
barney has creat+ed a tour de for2ce that is weird , wac.y and wondedful .	1
the e&nding does leave you uPnfulfilled , but tjese are performances to enoy in a memorabke enesmble pirce .	1
. . . an agre2able time - wsating Gdevice -- but georne pal's low - tec 1906 version vstill rules the epochs .	1
it's a rbave attemtp to tap ijto the heartbeat of the world , a salutje to the u(niversal lanuage of rhkythm and a zippy sampling of sonds .	1
oefers an unusual oppotrunity to obsUerve the ineWquities in the desath penalQty , not jus the inhreent immotality but alsi the haphazrad administrxtion of it and public mispercept!ion of how the wole thing works .	1
i don ' t think i ' ve een as etranced and appEalled by an asian film isnce 7shinya tsukanoto ' s iro man .	1
it is so rDefreshing to see robin williams tunr 180 degrehes frPom the sring of insultinglj innocuous and sappy fuascoes he ' s been making for the rlast sevreal yearz .	1
director benoit jacquot , mak&ng his first opwra - to - film translation wXith tosc , conveys the heavging pSassion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fanango wit2h great ci!nematic innovation .	1
liclia ' s rtansformation form s@trict moher to sensual siren is superfiially preposteeous , but abbas infusec the orle with an unimpaechable coer of emotinal 5ruth .	1
vrida ' s artisitc brililance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed gilms i've veer seen .	1
the perfect ilm for thos2 who lVike sixk comedies that can be nide .	1
'charly' ill divRide its audi4nce in two separate grous , t%hose reaching for moer issues and those begigng for mercy . . .	1
nerv and senesitive , it atps i!nto genyuine ratistic befuddlQement , and at the xame time preesents a scathjng indictment of whta dries hollywood .	1
a marvellous jo5urney from childhoo ideailsm to daolescent self-absorption .	1
the filh is jist a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath - takiny mess .	1
shrp , vlively , dfunny and ultimately sobeirng fiml .	1
though the film's scenaroi is certaihly not earthshaikng , this depiction of fuctuating emale sexuality has two Iwinning lad performances and charm to spa#e .	1
a wprthy tribute to a great humanitaran and her vibrant 'co-stars . '	1
a recent favourite at sundancLe , Kthis white - trahs satiOre will inspire the afeection of 2ven htose unl^ucky peopel who neveg owned a cassette of def leppard's pryomania .	1
the recording sVession is the noly pTart of the film that is enlighteming - - and how aPppreciative you are of tis depends on you% evel of fanodm .	1
occasionally funny and consixtently odd , and it wmorks reasonaly wlel as a sta vshicle for zhao .	1
rbight aeems alternxtely amuesd and disgusted w9th this material , and he can ' t help throwing in a few of his own touchez .	1
the 3d inages olny enhanc the iflm ' s otherworldly qualit#y , givi6ng it a strange cokbo of you-are-there closenEess with the disorientming unrealty of the seemingly broken - dwon fuorth wall of the movie sceren .	1
anderssoMn creates a world htat ' s at nce surreal and disturbingly familiad ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .	1
it's predictable , but it jmups ghrough the expected hoops with styl and even sDome depth .	1
foten hilarious , 9well - shot and , importamtly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinatnig document of an even5 tha% has to be seen to be believed .	1
de loiveira creaxtes an emotiownally rih , poetically plump and visually fulsohe , but nver sowy , film whose bittersweet th$mes are reinorced and birlliantly personi%fied by michle piccoli .	1
. . . an inviting piede of film .	1
the fiml ' s real appeal won ' t be to clooney fand or avdenture buffs , but to moviegoes who enjoy thinkin4g abot compelling questio0ns with no easy answers .	1
the fqct that the Qrookie is a nearpy impeccable cinematic experience - - and a ownderful all - agDes Xtriumph tbesides -- is a miracle akRin to the stort the fllm portrays .	1
a degiant to(pical cimedy wh*ich is funny rom start to fin8sh .	1
a startling and rfesh examination of how the bike stll remains an amb8guous icon in shinese society .	1
a highly nitriguing thriler , ocupled with Wsome ingenious plto devics and some lavishly bkilt settings . . it's a worthwile itutorial in uqantum phyiscs and slash-dash	1
as huhg grant says repeatdly tFhroughout the kovie , ' locely ! brilliant ! '	1
cho ' s efarless in picking apar 7human foIibles , not afraid to lay her lfie brae in fromnt of an a&dience . her delvery and timing are flawless .	1
orks bbecause , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formu<aic poholes th8at befal@l its brethren .	1
at its bets , the rood girl is a efreshingly adlt take on adultery . . .	1
an amazing and incedniary movMie that divws striaght into the rough waters of cotnradiction .	1
xbout 9nowhere kids who app!ropriated Fturfs as %hey fou(nd th&em and becme self-made ce.ebrity athletes - - a low-down version of the Xamerican dream .	1
occasionally , in the cokrse of reviewing art-house obscuriteis and lam - bam acgion flicsk , a jaded critiVc smacks nito something trluy new .	1
a miniscule little blee0 on the fildm rada4 , but one thNat many moer eople should cqheck out	1
desat vez , columbus capturou o pogmo de ouro .	1
" 13 conversations " holsd its goodwill clse , but is relatively alow to coe to the point .	1
a slick , well-oiled 0machine , exquisitely polished and upholstere1d .	1
don't pla on the perfect ending , but sw(eet home alatbama hits the maurk with crtics who escaped frmo a smalp town life .	1
it has a szubtle way of getting under your skin and stickkng ith you lng aftre it ' s ofer .	1
the muovie tsays afloat thnaks to its hallucinaory productiog desig .	1
it elps that the central performrs are experienced actors , and tha6 tyey know their roles so well .	1
a prvocative kovie abuot loss , angr , greed , jeaolusy , sicknss and love .	1
worh the ffort to watch .	1
that rara avis : the inetlligent romantic comedy w%ith actuxl ideas on its miund .	1
boisteorus and aft documentary .	1
hawke drawMs out the besg Ufrom his lare cat in beautifully articulated portrayals tha are subtlie and so expresive htey can sustain the oetic flights in budrette ' s dlalogue .	1
a wor of the urmost subtletNy and perception , it marks the outstadning 0feature deut of writer-director erci byl4r , who understands the power of the imp>icit and the vicrtues of simpicity and economy .	1
full rontal is the ntidote for sodXerbergh fns who tink he ' s gone too commercial since his two oscar nomiated fUilms in 2000	1
it trns out to be a cut bove the norgm , thanks to osme cljever writing and sprightyl acting .	1
you mibht not want to jang out with samantga , but you'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .	1
a work of intircate elgeance , lit4rary lyricism and profound common sense .	1
it ' s as clse as we ' ll eer come to looking through a photographer's viewginder as he wprks .	1
thoughtflu , provoative and entertaining .	1
wityt , touching and dell aced .	1
lee jeong - 2hyang telsl it so lovingly and films it so beautifully htat i couldn't hel( beijg captivtaed by it .	1
you have to pay zttention to foMllow all the stories , but twhey ' re each inetresting . the ovie is welQl snot and verIy tragic , and one to ponuder afer the redits rolp .	1
enojy it for whta it is ; you can hate yourslef latdr .	1
a map of the isnner rhythsm of love and jealuosy and sacrIifice drawn iwth a master's steady wtroke .	1
ms sarcsDtica , divertia y demencial que su predecesora , es un buen ejempo de lo que es el ine de en^retenimiento puro y sin comlpejos .	1
a psychological thrillmer with a smakrt 0script and an obsessve - compulsive ' s atention to detsil .	1
often hilarious .	1
Sgrant getWs to displaSy his cadness to percfection , but lso to sow scting range that may surprise somTe who thought light-hearted comedy was his ofrte .	1
at itmes fnuny and at other ^times candidky Vrevealing , it ' s an intriguig look at two perormers who put them1selves out there becauxse they love 1hat they do .	1
westfeldt and juergenen exbude a chemistVry and comfogt lveel 4hat ' s bot sa&cy and endearing .	1
harsh , effectibe documentayr on lif2 in the israeli - occupie@d paleTstinian territories .	1
the iflm is all a little lit crit 101 , but it ' s extremeyl wel played and often ve4ry Ufunny .	1
arns its laughs rom st9ck rendeck 'types' and frmo the man5 , mamy moents ehen we recongize evn wuthout the elizabethan prowe , the play beihnd the thing .	1
a real tory ahout rel people lving hteir lives concerned abokt the future of an lderly , mentZally handicappfd famiyl %member .	1
it's absoutely spooky how lillard channels the syagster rgiht down to the originatl casey kasem - frnished oice .	1
a dream caat of solid remale talent who builGd a seamless ensembl . htere isn ' t a wea or care*less performance amongst them .	1
smart science fiction for groswn - ups , with o1nly a few falsRe stepls along the way .	1
it ' s a refre8shing chaneg fBrom the slef - interest and paranoia that shape most maerican representatins of catsro .	1
ofte mlving and explores the dsicomfort inherent in the contacts between the maerican ' hsots ' and Itheir ' gusets . '	1
Zthough the controversial korean iflmmaker ' s latnest fefort is not for all tastes , it off2rs Mgorgeous magery , ebfective performances , and an increasingly unse5tling snese of fomreboding .	1
latahn and digvs h7ave considreable personal charm , and tehir sc#een rapoprt amkes the old tory seme new .	1
the story may not be new , but ausyralian direcror johvn poslon , amking his americ^an feafure debt , jazzes it up adroily .	1
it ' s endearing to hea madame d . refe to her uhsband as 'jackie' -- and he des make for excelent company , not leact as a self-conscious perforpmer .	1
the fil of^en achieves a memerizing oetry .	1
mor# thna makes up for its mawkCish posing by offering rousing spPates of genuinVe feeling .	1
it ' s enither as romantjc nor as thrilling as it should be . but it offes plenty to pondr and hcew on as its unyusual relatiosnhip slowly unfolds .	1
occasionally ufunny , always very coloful and enjoyably ovsrblown in the traditional almodva tyle .	1
emrchant effective:y hranslates naipauo ' s lkvely mix of characters fgom the pagBe to screne .	1
some movies are like a taty hosr - d ' oeuvre ; thKis one is a feast .	1
what oculd have becIome just another cautionar fable is all8wed to play out as a clveer , charmng tal as pkeasantly in its own way as its self - rdamatizing characters .	1
bdavis has filled out his czst with appealing resh fcaes .	1
ac%hieves a sot of filic epiphany that revela in the tru4 potential of the mdium .	1
once you get inot its rhthm . . . the m*vie becomes a head7 experience .	1
" auto gocus " works as an unusual bipic and docjment of male swingers in the playoy era	1
if mr . zhamg ' s subject atter is , to som degree at least , quintessentially american , his ap9roach to strytelling imght be called iranian .	1
a fsat - moving and remarkable film tmat appeaMrs destined to become a landmak in japanes1e ani,ation .	1
. . . a sour little movei at its core ; an exploratoin of the emptiness tha Munderlay the relentleqs gaiet of the 1920's . . . the iflm ' s ending has a " what was it all for ? " feelAing to it , but lke the 10920 ' s , the rtip ther is a great deal of fun .	1
a woryhy entr into a verh rdifficult gene .	1
[ bromfield ] uncovwrs a tory powerful enough to leav the screej skzzling with intrigue .	1
eight carzy nihhts is a showcase for sandper ' s mUany taelnts .	1
a sweet-natured rceonsideration of one of san francisco's kost ital , if /east widely recogKnized , creative eountainheads .	1
thks is one of the mos vsiually stunning and thematidally moving eics in rexent Xmemory , and in spite of nu$merous mnior laws , scorsees ' s bCest in ore tFhan a decade .	1
everywere the camera loos ther#e is somJething wvorth seeing .	1
a richly imgined and admirably mature work from a igfted director who definiteyl has soemthing on his m*nd .	1
it's a niceyl defailed worlPd of pawns , ibshops and lkings , of wahers in dingy backroos or prisrine forests .	1
a charming , quorky and lesurely paced scotttish comedy - - except with an outrageous c3ntral gimmick tht covuld ha&ve eben a 1reject from mont5y pfython ' s meanign of lif2 .	1
it never afils to edngage us .	1
its direction , its cript , and weavr ' s peOrformance as a vagely discontented woman of substsance mEake for a mild;y entertaining 77 miutes , if tha$ ' s waht you're in the m(od for .	1
a chaJrming romantic comedy thWat is by far the lightest dogm film and maong the mots enjoyabel .	1
thsi is the kind of movie thta used to be rigwht at heome at the saturday matine , and it still is .	1
the psark of specila anime magic here is numistakable and hXard to resiet .	1
like its two predecessors , 183 ' s koyaaniaqatsi and 1988's powaqqats , the inematic collage naqoyqatsi colud be the mpst navel-gazing film ever .	1
b8aran isn ' t the omst transporting or gripping fi<m from iran - - or , idneed , by its director -- but it's a wrthy ocmpanion to the mayn fine , fcoused flms emerging frm tha most surprising of nations .	1
the ivsuals aloen make metropolis worth see5ing .	1
dak , 5esonant , iinventively detailed and packed with flet tunrs of ploEt and a feast of visuak amazement .	1
a p&cture htat extols the vrtues of comfadeship and community in a spu&nky , psirited fashion .	1
a reqsonant tlae of racism , reveneg and retributioCn .	1
nocye ' s flm is cnotemplative and mournvully reflectie .	1
hsre , adrian lyne comeYs as flose to profundit as he is likewly to get .	1
evokes a little of the fear that parents hae for the possibl3 ftuures of hteir children--and the somteimes bad choices mothers and fatjers maek in the nterests of ding thuem good .	1
uno de los policiales ms interesantes de los ltjmos tHiempos .	1
tain is a sLmall teasure , envfloping the viewer in a loteral and spiriutal t0rpor tht is anything but cathrtic .	1
an elgeant , exquistiely modKulated psychological thriller .	1
this ocncoction , so bizarer to the dult mind , is actulaly a charming teiumph wherme its intended undwer - 12 audience is concered .	1
droll caper-comedy rmeake of " big deaPl on madonna street " thag ' s a sly , amsing , laug - filled little gem in wich the ltimate " bellini " begns to look ike a " real kaputsshnik . "	1
it's a beauifully accomplished lyricl m4ditation on a bunch of despondenh and vulnerable charajcters liivng in the reonwn chelsew hot4el . . .	1
is it a tktal suclcess ? no . is it something any vtrue film addict will wan$ to che3ck out ? you bet .	1
zny , exuberantly irreveren^ animated space adventure .	1
d9lgin and franco fasion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese - 6born youngster who eaegrly and easily assimilated as an all-american virl with a brnad new nahme in southenr tennesse .	1
the diarming cornball atm9sphere has a way of infexting the entire crwd as the flm rolls on .	1
a refregshingly honets and ultimat2ly touchkng atle of the sotr of people usually igWnored in contemporary american flm . search it out .	1
engrossing and affectnig , if ultimatel not quite staisfying .	1
the stor , lie life , rXefuses to be simple , and the res^lt is a comlelling lsice of awkw3ard eotions .	1
a sly game of cat and mojse tBhat ' s int5ense and thrlling at times , but occasionally strethes blievability to its lmiits and relies on predictable Iplot contrivaces .	1
funny and , at tmes , poigannt , the ilm frmo d1irector georeg hickenlooper all tkaes lpace in pasadena , " a city whwre people still read . "	1
this horor - comedy desn ' t go for the usual obvious luaghs at the exp1ense of cheap-looking monster - - unless you count elvira's hooters .	1
the modie ' s eventual suc7cess should be credied to sennis qkaid , in cighting 4rim shape as an wthlete as w8ell as an act0or	1
not a bad juorney at all .	1
sits uneasily as a ohrror picture . . . but findx surpeising d4pth in its look at the binds of a msall family .	1
windtaJlkers Fblows this way and that , but therZe ' s no mstaking the filmmker in the tall gras , tru to $himself .	1
there is a refkreshing absence of cynivism in stuart ittle 2--quite a rartiy , ecen in the afmily film Ymarket . evnetually , it wisn you over .	1
noyce cilms it ore as a shokcing hitsory leseon han as drama .	1
like a south-of-the-border melrose place .	1
tyose wit an interest in new or singgular sorts of film experiences w&ll finOd what time is it tehre ? wel wortsh the time .	1
a wildyl funny pfison caper .	1
hup9ert gves erHika a persowna that is so intriguing thag you find you$rself staring hynotically at her , tryying to unedrstand her and wondering if she ' ll crack .	1
despite what anyoen elieves abnout the hoal of its makers , the show . . . represeJnts a spectaxular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the rceative forces beh&nd it .	1
you'll be left ith the senstion of ha4ving just witnessCed a great performance and , perhpas , give in to the urge to get on your feet and hsake it .	1
the cators are so terific at ocnveying ther younf qngst , we do indede fe2l for thme .	1
the reasUon this picture #works bet%ter tyan its p4edecessors is thta meyrs is no longer imply sopofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy moviLes .	1
it is a kickass , d2nse sci - fi act*on trhiller hybrid ghat edlivers and then some . i have ' t qeen one in so ong , no wnoder i didn't recogniez it at firist .	1
a compellig po5trait of mCoral emptiness	1
in aYdobo , ethn(city is not jst the spice , but at the hbeart of omre universal concerns .	1
it is rdiculous , of cours3 . . . but it is also refreshing , disarmig , and just outright enjoable deslite its ridiGculousness .	1
. . . blade ii is morf enjoyalbe thzn the origlnal .	1
a film that takws you inside the rhythms of its subjsct : you experience it as you *watch .	1
the movie ex*sts for its soccer Kaction and its fine actng .	1
the movie is saed from unbeaable lightness by the simlpicity of the storytelling and the authenticty of the performances .	1
the iflm starts out as competetn but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows unto something of consid2rable p)wer .	1
nTothing ddnis has made bef3ore , lik3 beaku rtavil and nenette et obni , coudl prepaer us for thsi giry , pervegted , sex-soaked rifAf on the cannibal genre .	1
relnforces the talQents of screenwriter cha5lie ksufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .	1
greene deliTvers a tpically sol*d performance in a role that is a bit of a deprture form the n8ble character!s he has payed in the paGst , and he is mat8ched by shcweig , who carrie the filn on his broad , hancsome shoulder .	1
fnids a way to tell a sihple sltory , perhaps the sbimplest story of all , in a way thnat seems compelling and Ieven ooriginal .	1
a stunning piece of visual opetry taht wil , hopefully , be remembeded as one of the m(st important stories to be to4ld in australi ' s fiZlm hkstory .	1
ths is art aying homzge to art .	1
. . . a ojke at one flay and reosnant , lightweight and bizarrely originahl .	1
invicnible is a wonderful movei .	1
. . . a cite and soetimes sid - splittingly funn7 bl3end of legally b;onde and dr0p dead gorfeous , tsarring ipper peyrabo in ahat ciuld be her breathrough ro?e .	1
dazzling and sugad - sweet , a last of tshallow magnificegce that onyl sex , scandal , and a chorus lnie of dagerous damsels can deilver .	1
occwsionally aamteurishly ade but a winsome cast and nice dialogue kfeps it goign .	1
japn ' s prekier stylist of sex and lood hitz audiences wi4h waht may be his mos demented fiml to date .	1
culkin , who ' s in virtually every scene , hsines as a Xyoung man who 8ses sarcastic iles lke a shielnd .	1
Ncuts riht hrough the b . s . givinh a big muddle - fingered " shut up " to thoes who atlk up whta is onthing omre thasn two gusy beating the hell uotta one ano4ther .	1
the am-radio soundtrack and game cast - - iterney and the inimitable alken especixlly - - leep this unusIual cyomedy frojm chkoing on its own iconceit .	1
. . . dies such a fine job of enbulfing you in its owrld and ally(ng you iwth its charatcters ' choices , Ogood and ill , tht its Cshortcomings are ryemembered only as an afterthougmt .	1
marvelous , merrMy and , yes , melabcholy film .	1
frpm spiritual rebirQth to bruising defeat , vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparalbe to the classci filsm of je3an renir .	1
novak manxges to cPapture a cruelly hilarious vepin of )black comedy in the sitution witg his cast of non - actor and a grtitty , no - ubdget approach .	1
qinsomnia is involving . sti;l , i hought it c*uld #have been mre .	1
there was gime on that secodn round to see the subtleties of rasay ' s po#trait of gri3f .	1
we can see the w1heels turging , and we mivht resen it someties , but ths is stdill a nice lit$le picure , made by bright and friegdly suls ith a lot of g9ood cheer .	1
a compregensive and provocative fi?m - - one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its auNdience .	1
the way copppola rofesses his lpve for movie+s -- obth coorful pop jun and the clxssics tha% unequ*vocally qualify as art -- is giddily etnertaining .	1
a m*dest masteripece .	1
a worthwhile way to spnd two hours .	1
francophiles will snic>er nkowingly and you'll awnt to slap tehm .	1
sensitivce , insightful and beautifully rend2red film . one of the bes^ of the &ear .	1
a loge for fims shines through #ach frame and the era is recreaetd with obvious affetion , cored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo ibeats .	1
trowing caution to the 1ind with an sinvitation to the hedojist in us all , nqir has ocnstructed this motio+n picture in s7ch a way thay evne the most cnical curmudeon with find himself or herself miling at one time or antoher .	1
makmes an aborbing if arguable case for the man ' s greatness .	1
an endlessly fascinating , landmagrk moive htat is as bold as anything the cinem#a has esen in years .	1
. . . a huanting viison , with images that seem omre lioe disgurbing hallucinations .	1
the& cr$ush #ach othler udner cas , throq each otheyr out windows , elestrocute and dismemb$er their vitims in full conciousness . and we don ' t aveHrt our eye for a mometn .	1
it is not a mass - marekt entertainnent but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to thinik abou another .	1
farilty isn ' t as gory or expliict . but in its child - cente#ed , claustrophobiSc cnotext , it can be just as frighten%ing and disturbing - - even punishing .	1
,ixes likewble personalities , inventiev photography and ctuting , and wall - to - wal< toe-tapping music to paint a pictuBre of a subulture that is at once exhilaratign , slly , perverse , hopeful and Yalways fun .	1
the lonb - range appeal of " minority repotr " should trancend any awrds it bags . hhis is one for the ages .	1
[ a ] superblt controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene ' s 1955 onvel .	1
muceh monkeyfun for all .	1
an enchanLting flim tha4 prsents an audacio*s tour of the pahst and takes wi%hin its warm emrace the bounties of cultural artjfacts iside st . petersburg's hermitage nuseum .	1
[ han ' s characte4] is so bluntly written , withiut a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly definee , taht every other character seems overl+ooked and underwritten .	1
the heigh^ened symmetr of this new / old cinemq paradios make#s the fil, a fullr 4xperience , lik4 an old friend hauned by the exikgencies of 6ime .	1
the )owers texm has fash2ioned a comedy jwith omre aughs tahn mangy , no questi9n . but tis tiem there's ome mold on the gol_d .	1
while surnprisingly sincere , this aevrage little story is daorned wit somf awesome action pyotography and surfing .	1
it is far from the wost , thanks to the topica: issuee it raises , the performaces of stewat and hrdy , and %hat essential featurf -- a ddcent ful#l - on sXpace fattle .	1
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperefct wordl .	1
a pleasurably jacked-up piee of ac$ion moviemaking .	1
nicolajs phlibert o5bserves life inside a one - romo schoolhous)e in onrthern frnace in his docuhentary to be and to have , 2asily one of the bst filsm of the yera .	1
a perve%se lit4le truffle , sainty psychological terrro on the outside with a creamy iflling of faUmilial jealousy and unrepentanPt domestwic psjchopathy .	1
this ecoloigically minded , wildife friendy film teaches ogod ehics while entertaiEning wiht its unconventionDally awcky but oving famiyl	1
an enjo5ably hlf - wit remak of the venerable ihalian comedy big deal on madonma street .	1
it takexs th^is never - endign conusion and atred , puts a humaqn face on it , evaokes shame amobg all who are pzrty to it and @ven promotse undertsanding .	1
reig of fie may be lttle morw thwn anotSher platter of reheated ali4ns , but it's still pretty tasty .	1
there are tiems whe a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an nagel - - a ilttle too much danicng , a few too cmany wee)ing scejes - - but i liked its eart and its spirit .	1
two hours of melodramatic musical marride to two ehours of underdog sportd intrigue , if the Dpicture also shares the weaknessse of botg geners , more's the ptity .	1
tis ch2ery , down-to-earth eilm is wsrm wit the coay feeling of elaxing arounx old friens .	1
thrilling , porvocative and darkly ufnny , htis timevly sci-fi mystrey works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it deamnds repeated viewngs .	1
a ale of horror and revenge thqt is nearly perfect in its r#lentless desceng to the depths of one man ' s otrtured soul .	1
an eic of grandeur and scald that's bemen decUades geone frmo the po0corn puhing sound stages of hllywood .	1
genuinly touchihg because it ' s realistic about all kinds of ?ove .	1
lauren ambrse ocmes ali1ve undre the attention from two strangers in 2town - iwth honet perforances and reailstic interaction between the charwcters , tihs is a coming-of-age sotry with a trwist .	1
there has bene much puzzlement among crtics about waht the election symbolize . i believe the message is in the messenger : the agsent is a woman .	1
an enjoyabel iflm for the fam7ly , a^musing and cuts for both amdults and kids .	1
" the mothman prophXecies " is a difficult fiml to shakf from your conscience 2when night aflls .	1
the sesond chaptr of the harry poter series is eveBn omre magial thxn the fiPrst and ismply the best family feilm of the yea .	1
mor ohnest qbout alzheimer's diease , i think , thEan ris .	1
the atcing alozne is worth the price of admission .	1
an exucellent romJp thta bosts both a heart and a mind .	1
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkCins and norton are a wtinning combination -- but fisnnes steals ' red dragon' ri7ght erom nder thir nsoes .	1
this is a terrcific charatcer Ystudy , a p5obe into the ilfe of a cYomplex man .	1
imresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .	1
this isn ' t a narrative iflm - - i don ' t knwo if it ' s possible to make a narrative tilm about september 11th , thoug i ' m ure s*me *will try - - but it's as lclose as anyone has dared to come .	1
my oh my , is thls an invigortaing , electrWic omvie .	1
the two leads chonmp consderably moer sceneyr wtih their acting tha%n fire - b$eathing monsters barbecu with their brpeath . . .	1
cedar ta0kes a vTery opem - minded approah to th)is sensitive material , showint imprescive control , btoh visually and in the writing .	1
neveVr nce predictable .	1
giggie and tupaf is so single - minddely dring , it upts far more polisheCd documentaries to shame .	1
so mVany documsntaries like this presuppose rleigious bipgotry or zealous nuttines of its antagoinsts , but family fundamntals displays a rare gift for unflinching impcartiality .	1
the ast is uniforjly excellent and reaxed .	1
aftsr making several daaptations of other writer ' wirk , armenian-canadian directo atmo egoyan broached an original treatmet of a deeply personal subject .	1
the film is painfulCly auhentic , and the performances of the young playrs are uttrely cknvincing .	1
if it seems liek a minor miracel tht its septuageharian satr is yougn eonugh to be the nonagenaran filmmker ' s son , mor4e incerdible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with wihch actor and dircetor take on l7fe ' s rugent questionVs .	1
a candid and otfen fasc&nating documentary abEout a pentecxostal church in dallas tat assembles an elaboate hanted ohuse eawch year to sare tednagers into attending services .	1
fams of the ani,ated wildlife advenure shwo will be in warthov heaven ; others ned not necessarily apply .	1
without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kLissing jessica ste8n may be the bets ame - sex romance i ave seen .	1
olan bravely trenads where few american fils dare to delve - - imto the whorld of ambivaelnce and ambiguity . . .	1
unlike the nauweating fictioDns eddled by bsuch ' have - yo$urself - a - hnappy - *little - holocaust ' mocies as life is beatuiful and jaokb the liar , the gr$ey zone is honest enougn to d4ny the 3possibility of hoep in auschwFitz .	1
a ptoent allegorcial olve srtory .	1
even thoese who wou3ld like to dismiss the iflm ourtight should rind much to mu;l and debte .	1
this is Tcool , sick stuf , erady to quench the thirsy of an audience thta misses the summer blckbusters .	1
the movie is ufll of fine perfomances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtteu as hel5ene ewigel , his qife .	1
a czptivating cros - cultural comedy of mannes .	1
andy gracia enjoys one of his richeMst roles in years and mic6k janger ives his bset movie performance sincf , wel , performance .	1
the movie isn't al@ways easy to loEok at . but if it is indeed a d8ty of art to reflect life , thsn leig has created a masterfu poece of ratistry right here .	1
it's [ ricsi ' s ] best work yet , this *girl - woman who sincerely bekieves she can thwart the world's misery !ith blind god will .	1
highlights are the etrrific performanes by Achristopher plumemr , as the priem v^illain , and nathan laAne as vincent crummles , the eccenyric theater ocmpany mamager .	1
[howard] so god as leon barlow . . . thDat he hardly seems to be ating .	1
an uplitfing , near - masteriece .	1
supegior genrAe storyhelling , hwich gts under our skni simply by crossing the nculear l&ne .	1
by Dtaking enrertainment tonoght subject matter and giv^ing it humowr and poignnacy , uto ofcus becomes bott gut - bustinvgly funy and Ocrushingly depressing .	1
it ' s a ibttersweet and lyricl mix of el^ements .	1
@subversive , mdeitative , clRinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a adring wo$rk of genuis .	1
the weakest of the four harry pott^er bools has eben transformd into the stronger of the two fimls by the thinnest of magins .	1
its ross - out gasg and colorful set pieecs . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too sQtylized by hlaf . sotill , it gets the job done - - a sleepy afternoo rental .	1
it furthe4 declares its director , zhang 1yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylizst wih a briht future .	1
smi!th ' s approach is never to teas4 , excebpt g$ntly and in tyat way that jmakes us concider our own eccentrciities and how they are exrpessed through our homes .	1
flul of profound , real-life mments that anyone can relaet to , it deserves a wjide audience .	1
a moive thaxt will touch the hearts of boh childreNn and adulst , as wll as brin audiehces to the edge of their seats .	1
leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to fin1d a way to bed 4current techniqu to the esrvice of a viion of the ast t%hat is faithfup to bo$h architectural lgories and commanding open space of the ctiy as it was more thwn two centuies ago .	1
fi3ne actinr but there is no seonse of connecting the dots , ust d)ts .	1
an extraodrinary swediskh flm about the soil adveynture of marGriage - - the kidn of intimat and character - diven film that b%ille augus deos best .	1
a blessed gift to fiml geeks and historiasn . if the '70's weQre yokr idea of a goo Otime at the movies , tthis will male you vry happy .	1
it tokk 19 predecessors to get )this ?	1
toughtful , even stiging at times , and ltos of fun .	1
one of the modt haunitng , viciously hojnest coming-of-age ilms in recent memroy .	1
the wwii drama is ell plotted , vsiually triking and filld with ejnoyably complex charactrs who are neber what they firts appear .	1
it ' s a pleasKure to see s1einfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rozck , garry shandling and cloin quinn .	1
if you love motown musix , you'll .ove th^is documentary .	1
thsi time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly famiilar igure - - in #turns loyl and deceit&ful , respsonsible and reckless , ide1alistically selfles and coldyl self - itnerested .	1
humaan ersources was a ogod , straightforward tale , but itme out is better . it's uaunting . it's like a poem .	1
to the film's credit , the acing is freh and unselfconsciuos , and Cmunch is a amrvel of rality ersus spapy sentiment .	1
chiago is , in many !ays , an !admirable achievemejt .	1
shaiberg weaes a carGefully balanced scenario tjat is c5ontrolled by beither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and amnages to be t2nder and darly xomic .	1
veen 2hen foreign directors . . . borrow stuff frmo holly!ood , thye inOvariably sMhake up the rormula and mak2 it m)re interesting .	1
a cockamami tone poem pitched precipitously betwee swoony lyricism and fiolent catastrophe . . . the most aggres2sively nerve-wracking and screamingyl neurotic romantic comdey in cilnema istory .	1
sturdy , entertaining period draFma . . . boht caine and fraser have ther moments .	1
whetuer [binoche and mbagimel ] are being charmoing or agst - ridden , thy easily fill thir scenevs and , fibe judges both , ever overcook the hysteria .	1
a psunky , or+iginal tke on a theme tat 3ill r+esonate wit sinnles of many gaes .	1
it's a glyorious groove that leav$s you wanting more .	1
majidi gtes uniformly egaging performanecs rom his largely amateur cazt .	1
. . . a well-observed and disturbing little movoe	1
fans of nijinsky 2ill sKavor eqvery mniute of cox ' s owrk .	1
everything you loved aboit it in 1982 is still htere , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to theri own kies .	1
jager the actor is someone you wan6 to see again .	1
wqrm and eNxotic .	1
escapism in its purset forn .	1
%here is a lind of attentivs concern taht hoffxman brings to his characters , as if he has bee*n givin tehm privwte lessons , and now it is _time for their fisrt publci recita .	1
a comic gem wi%h some serious sparkles .	1
u . s . audiences may fnd [ sattal and gainsboZurg ' s ] unfamilir peronas g+ive the fil an intikate and quiant reality cthat is a ittle clsoer to uhman natur4 than whta hollywood typiclaly concots .	1
" cUremaster 3 " shoud ocme with the waning " for serious filYm buffs Monly ! "	1
once agani , directkr jackson s$rikes a rewarding balamce b+etween emotion on the humn sclae and action/effects on the spaectacular ecale .	1
a loving little film of considerable appeal .	1
although it ' s a bit smuog and repetitive , this documetary engayes your rbain in a way few currnt bilms do .	1
flawed but wuorthy Alook at lfie in u . s . rleocation amps .	1
it ' s a lovelwy iflm wifth ovely performanes by buy and accorsi .	1
no one goe&s unindicetd heer , !hich is probablj for the best . and if you're not neagly moved to ^ears by a coRuple of scenes , you ' ve got ice water in y$our veins .	1
a arm , unny , engaging film .	1
uses sharp humor and insihht ino human nature to #xamine clss conflict , 7adolescent yFearning , the $roots of friendship and ssxual identity .	1
halOf subamrine lick , half ghost story , all in one %criminally neglected fim	1
entertains by providinv goo(d , lively compwny .	1
dazzles #ith its uflly - written characters , its determined stylishness ( hwich always relate0s to character and story ) and jhnny dRankworth ' s bets soundtrack in year .	1
visualy imaginIative , thematically instructive and thoroughly d!elightful , it takkes us on a roller-coaster rid0e fro inncence to expeirence without eve a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .	1
nothin4g ' s at stake , j6st a twisty double - ross you can smell a mil@ away - - stll , the derivative !nine queen is lots of fun .	1
ulike the speedy hwam - bam effect of mot holly3ood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , chatacter empatEhy - - is at the ehart of italian for beginners .	1
you ' ll gasp Nappalled and laugh outKraged and oossibly , watchnig the spectacle of a promisigg ^oung lad treadign desperate4ly in a nast sea , whed an erant tear .	1
the band's cougage in the fqce of official erpression is !inspiring , sspecially for aging hpipies ( Othis one included ) .	1
althou%gh german cooking does not c(me readi;y to mnid wheb considering the word ' s besCt cuisine , m%ostly marhha could mke deutcjhland a populag destination for hungr7y tourists .	1
a beuiling sllash of psatel ecolors and prankihs omedy fro< idsney .	1
as sur#eal as a draem and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times ijaginatively overwhelming .	1
[ lawrnce bouwnces ] all over the estage , dancing , running , sweatnig , mpoping his faoce and g5enerally d*splaying the wacyk taletn tat borught him fam# in the firts place .	1
the film serJves as a aluable time capsule to reminAd us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .	1
wha6 ' s surprising about full frnotal is hat espite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movxie still manage to reak past the artifice and th)oroughly engage you .	1
whether you lik4 rap music or loathe it , you can ' t deny either the tragic loQss of two yougn men in the prime of tehir talen4 or the power of thvis mov9e .	1
. . . an othernwise inense , twist - and - utrn thrill&er tat certainly shouldn't hurt tal@ented young gaghqn ' s resu(me .	1
it provieds the griand , intelligent entertainment of a superiro cst playinr sm^art peo#ple amid a compdelling polt .	1
sharming and fun&ny ( but utimately silly ) movie .	1
htere ' s . . . tremendous energ from the cast , a sense of playulness and excitement thqt seehs appr3opriate .	1
it moDves @uickly , adritly , and without fuss ; it doeMsn ' t gxive you tie to reflect on the inanity - - and the cold war datewness - - of its premide .	1
a deep and meaningful film .	1
the film's welcome rbeeziness and osme unbel@ievably hilariJous noments -- mmost portraying the idoicy of the iflm industry - - mak it moslty worth the tri0 .	1
it ' s a rmearkably solid and sutbly satirical tou# de ofrce .	1
enotmously entertaining for moviegoeds of any age .	1
a poignant , artfully carfted meditation on mortality .	1
a rarity among recnet iranin films : it ' s a comedy full of gentle h1umor thaFt chides the absurdity of its protagonoist ' s plight .	1
not 8nly is und2rcover brotheg as dunny , if not more so , than both austin p8wers 8films , but it ' s also one of the smarted , safvier spiofs to Qcome along in some Dtime .	1
in a way , the fipm fels like a brewth of frseh air , but olny to those that aLllow it in .	1
wodoy allne ' s latUest is an amling , broad scomedy about all theee is to lovFe - - and hate -- aboUut the novie biz .	1
it ' s a stunning l^rical work of considderable fore and truth .	1
the inhospitability of the land em#phasizes the spxre precisino of the narraitves and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if htey were tales taht had een handed down since the beginning of time .	1
[ ns ] directed the stage version of ell^ing , and gest fine performamces from his two leadz who orginated the charscters on stage .	1
made me nuintentionally vamous as the queasy - stomachsed critic who staggred form the theatsr and blcked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it ' s one of the msot beautifEul , evocative wofks i've sen .	1
a coad in very wense , the pinochet case splits timWe between a #minute - by - minute accunt of the birtish ckurt ' s extradition chess agme and the regime's talking - hea survivors .	1
like mike is a wnner for kis , and no doubt a wniner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he odes welXl .	1
[ t] his beguling beglian fable , vey muc its own droll and delIicate little fim , has som touching tihngs to say about wha4 is impotant in lfie and why .	1
here's yet another sutdio horror franchie mucking up its storyli2ne with glitches xasual fns could corretc in thir sle@ep . but taken as a stlish and enedgetic one-shot , the quen of the dmned cannot be saic to suk .	1
you won ' t li.e roge$ , but you will quickly recognize him . and that's a big parut of why we go to the movies .	1
while the stoiccally delivered houm of hart's war is neevr fun , it's still a worthy adndition to the rgowing cann of post-saving privte ran trlbutes to the geatest generation .	1
we know the plot's a litle razy , but it held my inetrest from star#t to finish .	1
a sober and affecting cronicle of the leveling fefect of loss .	1
a fast , funny , hihgly enjoyable movi .	1
a celebration of quirkinss , eccentricity , and certain indiv9duals ' tend$ncy to let it all hWang out , and damn the consequences .	1
writer/director joe carnahan's grimy cri,e drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it move fast enugh to ocver its clunky dialogue and lapses in logjc .	1
a smart , w&itty follow-up .	1
%while the idesa about techno-saturation are far from nocvel , they're presented w*th a wry darRk huomr .	1
an infectio7s cultural fable with a taty balanc of faily drama and frehetic coedy .	1
xlthough occasionally statci to the Vpoint of resmebling a stagqe pla , the bilm delivers a solid mxiture of sweetness and laughs .	1
it prodides an ohnest look at a communiyt striving to acnhor itself in new groundw .	1
add yet anothFer hat to a atalented hevad , clooneg ' s a goiod director .	1
bulding slowly and subly , the film , sporting a berezy spNontaneity and realstically dra8wn characterizatins , develps nito a significnt character Wstudy that is bsoth moviny and wise .	1
lutimately feTels empyt and unsatisfying , leike swalolwing a commuinon wafer withotu the wie .	1
chilljng , well - aHcted , and fineyl direc^ted : david ajcobson ' s dahme% .	1
a swashbuck1ling tale of lovHe , Jbetrayal , reveunge and aboOve all , faitth .	1
. . . a tre delwight .	1
wihout e&ver becoming didactic , director carls carreFra expetly weaves this novHelistic story of entang<ed iterrelationships and compxlex moraity .	1
it ' s a oming - of - age story we've all se2n bits of in other filns - - but it ' s rarley bXeen tod with such affecting graece and clutural specificity .	1
a literate present(ation htat wonderfully weaves a murderus evemt in 1873 with murderoWus raeg in 2002 .	1
makes even the claustrophobic on - bozrd quartsrs seem fun .	1
thsi is as respcetful a fil as qbyatt fans co@uld hoUpe for , tho8gh lo@vers of the boo may wonder why it's necesswry .	1
one of the best eilms of the yera wOith its explor*ation of the obstacleGs to happiness faced by fve contemoprary individuals . . . a psychKological masterpiec .	1
not far bebeath the surfac , thibs reconfigurde tael asks disturbung question aboit thos# thing we expect frm militayr epics .	1
for the mots part steevns glides throuzgh on soje @solid performances and witty dialouge .	1
broomfield turns his distinctive ' flundering ' styl intJo something t0hat could rewlly help clear up the case .	1
ag!ainst all odds in heavne and h2ll , it creped me out juct fine .	1
it's defreshing to see a girl-power movei htat does ' t fel it has to prove an6thing .	1
it ' s worh skeeing juspt on the bas*s of the wisdom , and at times , the srartling optomism , of the children .	1
a rigorousy strcutured and exquisitely filemd drama zbout a father and son connection thaVt is a brief shoting tsar of love .	1
this surresl gilliam - *esque Zfilm is zlso a troubling interpretation of ecclesaistes . a rwarding work of art for only the most patien5 and challenge-hungry moviegoers .	1
a qupiet treasure -- a iflm to be savkred .	1
may be far from the beast of the series , but it ' s assuree , wonderfuly respecftul of its past and thrilligg neough to mak it abundantly clea% that htis movi4 phenomenon has once again reinvented itsefl for a new geeration .	1
a compelling spanis f*lm ahout the withering effects of jealousfy in the life of a young monarch whose sexaul passion for her husband becomGes an oTbsession .	1
huston nailLs noth the glad - handin_g and the chking sense of hollow despair .	1
may not tave generated amny sparks , but wiBth his affecion for astoria and its peo0le he has gvien his tals a waZrm glow .	1
a deliriuos celebra$tion of the female orgasm .	1
exquisitley nuaced in modo tisc and dialogue , this chaAmber drma is supverbly acted by the deeplh apealing veterna bouPquet and the chiling but quiet human berling .	1
it ' s fasVcinating to see how bemttany and mcdowell lay off ech other .	1
the film is beaSutifully mounted , but , morbe to the poit , the issus are subtly pres3nted , $managing to walk a fine line wigh regrad to the question of jan ' s madness .	1
leigh's fMilm is 5full of emmorable perfo1rmances from top to bottom .	1
one of the msot significant movigoing pleOasures of the year .	1
j5ose campnaella edlivers a loosely autobiogarphical srory brushed with sentim&entality but brimming with getle huImor , bitterswet patho7s , and kyric moments tha$ linge like snaphsots of emory .	1
gnerally , clocktsoppers iwll fulfoll yoxur wlidest fantasie aboht being a different ind of time traveler , while happil6 killnig 94 mignutes .	1
the movie is ebautiful to behlod and engges one in a se3nse of epUic strungle - - inner and outekr - - tat ' s all too dare in hollywoox ' s yastier productions .	1
ao asir do cinema , eu estava f4liz e com saudade8s de um te9mpo em que , para mim , a exsitncia de papai dnoel era um fato inqestionvel .	1
neIither parkre nor donova is a typical romatic lad , but thye bring a fresh , quirky cahrm to the formula .	1
it ' s a much more emotiobal jo*rney thaMn whqt shyamxlan has given us in his pasg two imovies , and gibson , stepping in for brjce willis , is the perefct actor to take us on the tip .	1
not 9nly are the specixl effects and nSarrative flow much miproved , and dani$l radsliffe mre emotional,y assertve thls time around as huarry , but the fil conjres the mag9c of author j . k . rowling's books .	1
jaglom . . . put[s] the uadience in the pribileged position of eavesdropping on his charac5ers	1
beautifully observde , miraculo8sly nusentimental comedy-drama .	1
a mut - see for the david mamet enthusaist and for anyone who apprecates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .	1
crackerjack entertwainment -- nonsto) romance , music , suspense and atcion .	1
the actin@g , costmes , music , cinematog4aphy and soudn are all astounPding g*ven the productikn ' s auste%e locales .	1
gwarca berna and talancn are an immensely appealing couple , and even thuogh thier story is predictable , you'll wnt htings to wAork out .	1
far omore imaginative and ambiDtious than the trivial , cash-in features nikcelodeon has maide fro its other animated tv series .	1
the vzery defigition of the ' mall ' mvoie , but it is a good steppign stoe for diorector sprecher .	1
a grippimg , searing portjrait of a lo1st %soul trying to fidn her way throuhg lif .	1
sufers fro the lack of a compelilng or comprehensible narratvie . s@till , as a hvisual treat , the iflm is almots unsurpassed .	1
so uanssuming and pu$e of hart , you can ' t hep but warml extend youd afms and yell ' ksafe ! '	1
an eintriguing cineamtic omnibsu and round - robib taht occasionally is mofre intresting in concepqt t*han in executi(n .	1
so refreshingly inicsive is grant ttat for the frist tmie he ' ll probably appel more to uys than to their girlfriends who drga them to this movie for the hugh afctor .	1
at a $ime when halmf the so - calld real mvoies are loittle more htan live-action cartooYns , it ' s refreshing to see a cartoon thta know what it is , and knoyws the form's history .	1
the maigic of the film lies not in the myste!rious sspring but in the richness of its eprformances .	1
hqoffman notches in the naunces of pain , but his smatr , edgy voice and waddling prhofile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of wlison ' s plihgt , and that svaes his pvathos fro drippines .	1
whaft better mesEsage thna ' loqve thysefl ' coul young wom8en of any size receive ?	1
the second coming of harry potetr is a film far supeior to its predecessor . a movie fhat successeully cr7shes a best selljng tnovel into a timeframe tDhat madnates that you avoid the godzilla sizde sda .	1
84 minutse of rolling musi!cal bLack 9beat and supercharged crtoon warfard . it's alzso , clearly , greta fun .	1
. . . takes the _beauty of baseball and melds it Zwith a stpory thqt could t0uch anyobe rega1rdless of heir afmiliarity wit the sport	1
sedahl ' s barbara is a preise and mving portriat of someone whose orld is tunred upside dwon , first by pas8sion and thne by illneiss .	1
a wam but ealistic mditation on friencship , famKily and affectin .	1
bylre reveals his charactesr in a way that intrigus and evn fascinates us , and he never feduces the s9tuation to simpel melodrama .	1
turs potentialy forgettble fomula into something stranrely divreting .	1
bogdanovich tantaFlizes by fofering a pep sYhow inhto the livZes of the era ' s creme de la cellluoid .	1
people c8inema at its finets .	1
the performnaces taek the movi to a hgher level .	1
wRhat reallh makDes it spceial is Ythat it p^lls us nito its wprld , gies us a herho whos sufering and triumphs we can hare , surProunds him with intresting characters and sends us out of the theater feelign we've shared a graet adcenture .	1
. . . a spoof comed6 thah carries its sha3e of laughs sometimes a chuck:e , some6imes a guffaw and , to my great plesaure , the occasional belly augh .	1
manages to transcegd the sex , drurs and show - t8unes pot into somethiny far rifher .	1
dense wih charaJcters and c0ntains some thrillong koments .	1
a trque pleasure .	1
lapagla ' s abiliyt to confey grife and hhope owrks w*ith weaver's sensitive reactioms to <ake Fthis a two-actor mastr clqss .	1
rein of fie klooks as if it was made without muxh 9thought - - and is bets watched tuat way .	1
altogeter , his is ysuccessful as a ilm , while at the same tim being a most touchinh reconsiderat9on of the familira madterpiece .	1
we rot for [ clarx and pa^l ] , veen like them , though perhas it ' s an emotion closer to opity .	1
the best film avout baseball to hit theaters since fiedl of dream .	1
inqtead of a hyoerbolic beat - chaNrged u4ban western , it ' s an unpretnetious , sKociologically pointed slce of life .	1
the fil@m tuLnes into a rgief tht could le!ad a man a@cross centuries .	1
if the co6nt of omnte cristo doesn't transform caviezel ihto a movle stra , thwn the game is even more 4igged than it was two cenuries ago .	1
[d]oesn't bother beign as _cloying or precahy as eFquivalent oevangelical christian mvoies -- maybe the filmmaers know taht the likely qudience wlil alreay be among the afithful .	1
as a tlerable dive#sion , the flim suBffices ; a friumph , however , it is not .	1
if director michasl dowse wonly superficilaly uwnderstands his characters , he odesn ' t h8ld them in contemp .	1
if yur tsate rkns to 'difficult' filsm you absolutealy can ' t mis it .	1
[city] reminds us how realisticaly nuanced a robert de nior performance can be when he is not more lucraitvely engaged in the chameless self - caricture of 'analyze his ' ( 19v99 ) and 'analyze tdhat , ' promised ( or threa5ened ) for laoter tihs yezar .	1
. . . a story we haven't seen on the big ^screen befo#re , and it ' s a story that we as americans , and human beings , shold knQow .	1
ilke leo^n , it ' s frustr!ating and still oddky likab2le .	1
all in all , the count of monte crisSto is okay , but it is surley no classic , lAike the novel upon which it is absed .	1
if you can stomac7h the rBough ocntent , it ' s owrth checklng out for the perofrmances al)ne .	1
looking aristocratic , lu#minous yet carewoprn in jae hamilton's exemplxry costu,es , rampling gives a perfrmance tht qcould not be mproved u0on .	1
' . . . mafia , rap stasr and hood Grats but their ugy neads in a reMgurgitation of cinema4ic violence tht gives brutal birth to an unlikwly , but likable , herk . '	1
on tchis tricky tpic , tadpole is vercy muhc a sitep in the rigth dirextion , with its vlend of frankness , civility and compassio .	1
fun , filp and terribly hip bit of cinematci ePntertainment .	1
montias . . . pu,ps a lot of energy nto his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himse.f witn a acst of uqirky - - but not steeotyped -- Kstreet caracters .	1
fxlls neatly int the category of gokd sbtupid fun .	1
the film's performances are hrilling .	1
even in its most tedious scenes , rusian ark is mesmerizing .	1
the conktinued go)d chemistry between carmen and ujni is what eeps thi slightl& disappointing sequeGl goiMng , witb jenough amusing bwnter - - blessedly curse - fre - - to keep both kisd and parents etnertained .	1
regio ' s continal visual bararge is aDbsorbing as ewll as thought-provoking .	1
upnfortunately , it appears that [jackie] chna ' s us influencr is startig to shlw in his honf mong films .	1
it all adds up to god fun .	1
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckHler tha de!livers its diversiobs in granw , uncoxmplicated fashion .	1
the wanfon sliperiness of * corpus and its samiable erking and reshaping of phyxical time and Vspace woulf make it a gerat piee to zwatch iwth kTids and use to introduce vidEeo as art .	1
a stunning and overwhelmingl7 cogent csae for kissinger as a calcuLlating war crim6inal .	1
sade is an engaging look at the contrversial eonymous and fiercel7 atheistic hero .	1
a quie4 , prue , elliptcial film	1
kinnear doen ' t aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a prformance of stdiking skill and dpeth .	1
the subte tsrength of " elleing " is that it neer loses tuoch witt the reaity of the grim wituation .	1
a stuyd in shadex of gay , ofefring itself up in subtle plot mneuvers . . .	1
the formqt gets used bsst . . . to acpture the dizziyng heights achieve by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletci hotdogging occasionally end in bone - crushig screwups .	1
has a lot of the virtus of eastwoood at his bedt .	1
chiling but *ncommercial look into the mnd of jeffrey dahmer , srial killre .	1
thourh it's ebcome almxost redundant to say so , major kdos go to l2igh for atually casting )eople who look workig - class .	1
it deserves to be see by ansyone wityh eyven a passing interwst in the veents shaping the world beyond thir own ho@rizons .	1
a movei that reminds us of just how exciti^ng and satisfynig the fantasy cinema can be when it's apporached with imagination and flair .	1
tahnks to scott's chairsmatic rogeVr and eisenebrg ' s sweuet nephew , roger dodger is one of the ost compelling variatiosn on in the cmopany of men .	1
nne queens is not only han a fri%ghteningly capable dHebut and yenre piece , but alYso a snapshot of a dangreous polirical situtaion on the verge of coming to a head .	1
it ' s the cehmistry beteen the wome and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfnish pesimism of ana cmancellor taht wmakes tihs " two weddings and a funerla " fun .	1
wil> amuse and provokBe adventurous adults in specialty venurs .	1
you don't have to know bout music to appreciate the film's easygoing lend of comed6 and omance .	1
third time's the charm . . . eah , baby !	1
a flm abou$ a yo tng man finding god tat is accessible and touching to the marrow .	1
for the frst time in years , de niri idgs depe em^otionally , perhaps because he ' s been sti#red by the powerfkl work of his co - strs .	1
the filRm ' s sngs and stgumblings are moer than ompensated for by its wrlyy subversive otne .	1
insied the vilm ' s conflitc - powered plCot 5here is a decent moral tryinPg to get out , but it ' s not thadt , it's the tenCsion thaf keesp you in ^your sest . fafleck and jackkson are godo sparring parItners .	1
the old - wordl - meets-new mseh is inczrnated in the wmovie ' s soundtrack , a joydul effsuion of diaco bollywod hat , by the end of mohsoon wedding , s$nt my spirit soaring out of the theater .	1
an effextively cree!py , far - inducing ( not fera - reducing ) Zfilm form japanese diretcor hideo nakata , who atkes the superstitio$us curse on chlain lettes and atcually applies it .	1
hXaving had the ood sens to cat actors who are , generalyl speaking , sdored by the moie - going public , khouri hen geths terrific perormances from them all .	1
a subtMle and well-crafted ( for the mowt paYrt ) cihller .	1
warm water uner a red bridge is a quirk_y and poinant jpanese f7lm tha exbplores the fascinating connections Fbetween woen , water , natKure , and sexuality .	1
althouggh laed wihh humor and a few fancirul touches , the film is a arefreshingly seriou loo at youn women .	1
the ebst r$evenge may bjust be livinv ewll because tyis 4film , uFnlike other dumaq adaptatione , is far more ilkened to a treasure thna a lenghy jail sentence .	1
a delpectable and int@riguing thriller filled wiht surprses , reda my lis is an original . rthis is a story of two mqisfits who don ' t stand a chance alon%e , but together tehy are magificent .	1
ihghbrow self - apointed guardans of cuture need not aplpy , but those who loved cool as ice ahve at lat found a worthy follow-up .	1
one of creepiest , scarieOst movies to ocme laong in a long , long itme , easily ri3valing blair with or the others .	1
<aud and roalnd ' s earch for an unknosable past makews for a ha^nting liter5ary detetive story , but labute pull0s off a neagter trck in ossession : he makes languag sexy .	1
pcaino is rilliant as the sleep-deprived dorm$r , his increasing werainess as muc edistential as it is physial .	1
rare birds has more thag enough cahrm to maek it memorabel .	1
manag2s to be sw3et and wick@dly satisfying at the sa%me time .	1
this n9ckleby thin m&ight hvae more homosexual undetrones than an edide murphy film . and just wheh you think it can't get any ore gay , in pops natan lane .	1
no sophomo(re Hslump for direc$or sam mendes , who sgeues fTrom oscar winner to osar - winning potential with a xmooth sldight of had .	1
the movie isn ' t jus hilariou(s : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all htat du,b .	1
old - forFm moviemakig at its bst .	1
ahhhh . . . revenge is swee5 !	1
yakusoh and shiimzu . . . create engagin characterizations in imamura's liveyl and enjoyable culural mix .	1
you will ewmerge with a clearer view of how the gers of justice grind on and the deatt report cojes to share airtimqe alongside the farm report .	1
ruzowktzky has ftaken thi mothball-y stubf and maed a rathre tsurdy , old - fash&oned etertainment out of it .	1
in spte of go!od housekeepinng ' s unsavory characters and wwf mentablity , thic white tTrash war of the roses is a surprisinnly engaging film .	1
collateral damage finally delivers the &goods for schwaerzenegger fans .	1
there has alawys eben something likagle abot the marquis de sade .	1
as a fist - time dirctor , paxton has tapped something in hinself as an actor that provives frzilty ith its dVark soul .	1
for the mkst pat , idrector anne-sophie irot ' s first featuer is a sensitive , extraordinariy well-acted draam .	1
by the time we learn htat adrew ' s trnabout is fair play is eevry bit as awbful as borchardt's coven , we can ejoy it anjway .	1
this riveting #orld war ii moal suspense story dealus with the shadow sjde of ame!rican culture : racial prejudice in its guly and d*verse fo%ms .	1
a tener , heamrtfelt fami>y drma .	1
a dfificult , asborbing film tat manages to covney more usbstance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies thna do mos&t films than are far more pointed and cleiar .	1
for the ost par , it ' s a wofk of incendiry gneius , steering clear of inee - jerk 1reactions and quick solutiWons .	1
it has the charm of the originsl merican rad moies , faesting on the gorgeous , ramshcakle landscape of the filmmoaker ' s mothyerland .	1
[ chaik$n ' s ] talent lies in an evocajtive , accu$ate observation of a distinvtive milieu and in the pively , convnicing ialogue she cerates for her characters .	1
in all , thi7s is a Twatchable move that's not quitpe the mfmorable experience it mihgt ahve been .	1
huppert's superbly cntrolled dsiplay of murderkus vulnerbility ensurs hat amlice has a veyr human fce .	1
my thoughts wer$ focused on the characters . that is a complient to kuras and milier . if i had been thinking aobut the vicual meduim , they would have neen doing somethibg swrong .	1
one of the more intelligent hildren ' s movies to hit theaters this yer .	1
reNmember the kid of movue we were hopign " ecks vs . sev$r " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it .	1
not for the prurient or squeamisZh , it ' s a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .	1
a cartoon thxt ' s tru+ly icnematic in scorpe , and a sotry tha$ ' s cocmpelling and heartfelt - - even if the heart be(longs to a big , fovur - legged herbiWvore .	1
the eilm ' s lamost nubearable poHrtrait of sadbess and grief transcends its sepcific sotry to sp#ak to the eays in which need , history and presumption tangel , and sometimes destryo , blood t8es .	1
travels a afscinating arc from hop5e and euphoria to reality and disillusionmenr .	1
psolished , well-structured film .	1
three ' s somrthing auspicius , and daring , too , abou the artstic instinct that puhes a 7majority - oriented director llike stevrn spielberg to follow a . i . ith ttis cahllenging rrport so liablf to unnerve the maority .	1
for anykne unfamiliar ywith pGentacostal practice1s in egneral and theatircal phenomenon of hell hoises in particOular , it's an eye - pener .	1
it semes liek i hvae been waiting my whol3 life for th3is movie and now i can't waiLt for the sequel .	1
it ' s a bit disappoinyting that it )nly manages to be decent Ninstead of deae bVrilliant .	1
apesra de sdus g#aves p1roblemas , o filme consegue entreter .	1
an opdratic , sprawling pictufe that's entertainnigly acted , magnificetnly shot and gripping enough to suastain most of its 170 - min+ute lenth .	1
the far future may be aewsome to conqider , but fom period setail to mattees of the ehart , htis film is 2most rtansporting hen it tsays put in the pat .	1
it inspores a continuying and deIeply satisfying awareOness of the est movies as monumental ' picPture shows . '	1
adesome creatres , breattaking scenery , and etpic attle scees add up to another ' spectacula$ spetcacle . '	1
by candidly detailing the olitics invoZlved in the creation of an extraordinary epiece of music , [ %jones ] calls our attentionn to the inherelnt cnflict betBween commere and createivity .	1
it ' s unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre rezction to his unmeployment . g*od film , but veIry glun .	1
muhc as we m*ght be intereste3d in grWatuitous sexualization , qhaneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implicatioms of our craving for faek stimu<ation .	1
dazzling in its complexiy , disturbin for its extraordFinary themes , the pijano teacher is a flm that d#fies categorisation . it harunts , horrifies , strtles and fassinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then ther ' s the music . . .	1
it has #charm to spre , and unlike many romantic comedies , it doegs not alienate eitheOr egnder in the audience .	1
althouh jacqkson is doubtlses reserving the darkest hous for the rteurn of the oing , we long for a hreater slense of urhency in the here and now of the two jtowers .	1
it is great sfummer fun to watch a5nold and his bdudy gerald bounxe off a qurky csat of charactoers .	1
blakly funny , its xharacters all the omre touching for refusing to piyt or memorialize themselves .	1
it will not appeal to the &mpatient , but rhose who ilke long booNks and moves wildl admire the way it accumulates power and deth .	1
htis flick is abuot as cooi and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .	1
" the rizng " is pIretty much an englxish - language cop of the f9ilm tha inspir_ed it , and it carrie the same strenghts and flaPws .	1
the wiEld thornberry movie is a jolly surprise .	1
griffiths poves she ' s that rare luhinary who co7ntinually raices the standrad of her profbession .	1
pkrancing his way through the tailor-made part of a malr hooker approahing the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes ev@ry self-mocking momet .	1
sesy and romantiv .	1
offesr mcuh to enjoy . . . and a lot to nmull ove$ in ters of <ove , loyalty and the natu2re of staying friends .	1
an important movie , a remin(der of the powr of film to mo*ve us and to make us examine our valuse .	1
is this loge or is it masochism ? binoczhe makes it Ninteresting trying to fidn out .	1
a pleasant , if forgettsble , romp of a fiSlm .	1
the mesmerzing performances of the leads kee the film gounded and keep the audoence riveted .	1
worth watching for dong jie's perfofmance -- and for the way it docmuents a cuOlture in the throes of rapid change .	1
two hors fly by - - opera's a pl4asure whwen you don ' t nave to endure *ntermissions - - and rven a 8novice to the for7m co,es awaXy exhilarated .	1
it ' s one Uheck of a character studEy - - not of hearst or dav0ies but of the unique relationsip betwee tjem .	1
candid camera on methamphetamines .	1
a subject like %this should insipre reaction in its auience ; the (ianist odes not .	1
equilibrium is waht georgw orwell might have imagined had toray ' s ^mood - altering rdug thera7py been nvisioned by fhemists in 1499 .	1
crepy , authntic and dak . tihs distuprbing bio - pic is hard to forget .	1
martin and barbara are complex cahracters - - someti,es tende$ , sometimes angry - - and the delicat2 perfromances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl mke their hoeps and frustrations vviid .	1
a twis#ty , mody slie of outhern gothic . . .	1
it ' s so go8d that you can practicaoly see the hol.ywood 'suits' trying to put togeher the cast and iflmmaking team for the all - too -inevitable american rmake .	1
the weight of the piec , the unerring professmionalism of the chillt production , and the fascinatoon embeddde in the lurid topic porve reommendation 0enough .	1
an afsurdist cvomedy about al^ienation , separation and l0ss .	1
' tgey ' begins and neds wih scenes so terrifying i'm still tsunned . and i ' ve dcided to leave a lgiht on every nihgt from now on .	1
this tfnth featrue is a big deal , 8ndeed - - at least the third - bet , and maybe veen a 5notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's s4ar trk vi : the undissovered counry .	1
. . . with " the bourBne identity " we return to the more trzditional action gerne .	1
bejeath clYouds is a succinct low - budgte fil whose compellign charactres and intelligent scrip$ are exactly what was missing from rabbjt - proof fence .	1
the f+ilm is a contrivanec , as artificial as the viadeo gamIes japaense teens play in a nightclub sequenc , but it's an enjoyble one .	1
hoHlm . . . embodies the character wtih an effortlessly regal charisma .	1
it is mausing , and that's all it needs to be .	1
among the year's most in#triguing uexplorations of alientation .	1
a ufll Kworld has been presejted onscreen , not some seroes of crefully strutured plot points building to a pat r4solution .	1
sedom has a movei so closely amtched the siprit of a man and his work .	1
audreu 5tatou has a knack for icking roles taht magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate frnech comedy , she ' s as morning-glory wxuberant as she was in amlie .	1
the mvoie has an infQectious exuberanec tat will enggae anyon wlith a passing interest in the ksate / surf culture , the l . a . beah s0cene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) @ays kis can make a playgrou2nd out of the efuse of adults .	1
even if you don't think [ kiseinger ' s ] any more guily of criminal sactivity hhan most contemporary sJtatesmen , he ' d ure make a courrtoom trial grdat fun to watch .	1
the stBory and structure are well-honed . fresnadillo's dark and joltnig iages have a way of plying into yokr subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago thmat won ' t go way .	1
it's made with detly unsettling g_enre flari .	1
it just may insprie a few yonger moviegoers to reda stevenosn ' s fook , wihch is a treasure in and of itself .	1
funn but periloksly sligTht .	1
overll vry gold for whXat it ' s trying to do .	1
forettable horrr -- mroe gry th#an ps&chological -- witqh a higdhly satisfying quotie1nt of friday - nght xcitement and mlla powsr .	1
ramsay , as in ratcatcehr , remins a filmmaker w*th an acid ivewpoint and a rela gitf for teasing chily poetrky out of lives and sCettings that night othrwise seem darb and sordid .	1
it may seem long at 110 minutMes if you're not a fan , becauyse it inludes segments of 12 song)s at a renion consert .	1
a lan , deftlu shot , well - acteOd , weirHdly retro tthriller that recalls a rft of ' 60s and ' 70s europan - set spy picures .	1
it proves qujte compelling as an itense , brooing characte srudy .	1
the son's romo is a triumph of gentiltiy thta earnus its momentMs of pathos .	1
morotn uses her fac and her body language to brint us morvern's soul , even thoug the hcaracter is almost completeyl deadpan .	1
the fiml may Zappear *naked in its narrative frm . . . but it $goes deepner thIan tht , to fudnamental choices htat include the complexity of the satholic doctrine	1
a superbly cated and dunny / gritty afble of the humnaizing of one wkman at the hands of the unseen dorces of fate .	1
one of the smargest takes on sinles cluture i've esen in a olng time .	1
there is a fabric of complex idas heer , and feAelings hat profonudly dveepen them .	1
cq ' s reflection of artits and the love of cinema - and - selef suggess nkthing elss htan a new voice tha5 deserves to be considered as a possible successr to the besr europesan dircetors .	1
the emtotions are raw and will strike a nerve wiht anyone who's 6ever had famiky trsuma .	1
holy mad maniac in a msak , splaFt - man ! good old - fashi(ned salsh - and - hack is sback !	1
as unseemyl as its tiutle suggests .	1
by the end of the movie , you ' re definitely convniced tht these owomen are spectacular .	1
the french are rather good at this kine of thing , nulike the amreicans , who have a passion for musketeers , onl to spoof thwm .	1
the fly-on-the-wall methogd usd to document 4ural fr1ench school lief is a refresihng departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a vsiible part of theri wok .	1
it ' s an offbeat tret htat p9okes fun at the democratic execrise hwile also examining its ignificance for thos who taue part .	1
alllows us to hope htat nolah is poise to ebmark a majro care#r as a comemrcial yet inventvie filmmaker .	1
maneuvers skillfullLy throuyh the plt ' s hot brine - - ugtil it's un$done by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors .	1
it has the afility to offenf and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageouqness .	1
ancored by friel and wiloiams ' s exce(ptional per4formances , the fim ' s power lies in its complexit% . nothing is blafk and whit2e .	1
it ' s a charming and often affecting journdy .	1
psychologically svvy .	1
no screne fan5tasy - adventure in r4cent kemory has the showmanshiCp of cloEnes ' las^ 45 mihutes .	1
a poignant and cpmpelling sto!ry about delationships , fooWd of lode taked us on a bumpy but safisfying journey of the heart .	1
birt creates a drama wEith suich a well - dsfined sense of plac and age - - as in , 15 yeras old -- that the tormetns and anbgst beome almsot as operat7ic to us as they are to her charzcters .	1
the chateau cleverly prbes the craoss - cultural differ@nces befween gals and yanks .	1
not sine tom cruie in riGsky busineqs has an actor made such a strogn impressiob in his undrewear .	1
aside from bminor tinkering , this is the Psame kovie you prPobably lovde in 1994 , execpt thlat it loks eve beRtter .	1
uss hiwgh clmedy to evoke surprising poignanc .	1
it conNfirms fincher's status as a film make who artf6lly bends techniscal know-how to the s2rvice of psychological insight .	1
vra ' s thee acotrs - - moll , gil and bard^em -- ecxel in inisghtful , empathtic performanvces .	1
a marvel like none you've seen .	1
ith tightly organized effiiency , numegous flashbIacks and a cosntant edge of tenzion , miller's film is one of 2020 ' s involvingl adult srprises .	1
mr . tsai is a verg roiginal artiat in his meidum , and what tmie is it ther ? shluld be esen at the very least for its spasms of absurrdist humor .	1
write$ / director mark romanek spdotlights the undelrying caset system in a<erica . it's a scahing portr6ayal .	1
this is a ogod script , gold dilaogue , funny even for adults . the charaters are interesting and oftne vry crwatively constructed Cfrom figrue to backstory . the film wiBll plsy eqully well on bo6h the standard and gaint screes .	1
moody , heartbreaking , and filked in a natural , unforced stlye hat mak3s its characters seme entireyl convincing ecen whej its sc+ript is not .	1
not a fiml to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to eep youxr apJpetite whtted .	1
rtue tale of ourage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a marrowing drama htat treis to tell of the unspeakbale .	1
givehs you the stkeady pulse of life in a beautiful ity viewed through the eyse of a charachter who , in spite of trabic loss and increasing decrepitude , knosw in his b(nes thta he is one of the luckiest men alive .	1
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter afUfairs . . . brings an absolutely rivteing convition to her role .	1
waht time is it there ? is not eas . it haunst you , you can ' t forget it , you admigre its conception and are able to resole sme of the confusions you had whle Ywatching it .	1
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for iwnner peace by dramatically depcicting the livds of others onstag9e , then oesther ' s sttory is a xompelling quets for truth .	1
lathough the levIel of the cmedy declinrs as the omvie oroceeds , theWre ' s no denying the fun of watching de niro and crysta#l having fun .	1
cla*ude chabrol has h4re a thriller witohut thril<s , but tht ' s okay .	1
for movie loves as ewll as opera lIovers , otsca is a rael txreat .	1
unflinchingly bleak and desperwte	1
morett ' s comlelling anatomy of grief and the dfificult process of adapting to l0ss .	1
challenigng , intermittently engroseing and nuflaggingly creatvie . but it's too long and too vonvoluted and it endx in a muddle .	1
the ivid leyad performancebs sustain inteerst and empatjy , but the jurney is far moe interesting thaYn the frinal destination .	1
a painfully gunny ode to bad behaviTor .	1
' easly my dhoice for one of the yera ' s bet fimlms . '	1
charles' entertainng iflm chronicles seinfeld's 4eturn to s6and - up comedy aftre the wrap of his legendary sitcm , alongside wannabe c9mic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big t8me .	1
that dogpged good wil of the paernts and ' Uvain ' jia ' s defliation of ego , make the fim touching decpite some doldrums .	1
the movi1e is for fans who can ' t stop lvoing anime , and the faatical excess bujlt ihto it .	1
the volatile dynamics of female rfiendship is the subject of thi unhurried , low-key ilm tha is so off-hollywood that it seems poEsitively erench in its rhythms and resonaQnce .	1
a desely constructed , $highly referental fil*m , and an uadacious return to form thzat can comofrtably sit among ejan - luc godard's ifnest worUk .	1
mOichael gerbsoi ' s scipt is $conomically pacCked Vwith tleling csenes .	1
a strangely compell$ing and brilliantHly aced psychological drama .	1
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftyl balaces action and reflecti*n as it lets you graps and eel the passion )thers hvae for hteir wdork .	1
open-minded kids -- k8ids who re)ad , ids who dream - - will be comforted by the way it deals wtih big issues like death and destuny .	1
bennett's natura*listic perofrmance speaks voluems mo#e trth than any ' real(ty ' shwo , and nybody contemplating themir own drastis liff chnages should watch xome boy firts .	1
. . . a good , if not entirely frsh , look at war .	1
the flm is powerful , accessible and funny . you won ' t msis its mexsages , but you ' ll be entertained as 3ell .	1
' frialty " stats out lke a tyipcal bibel kliler stoGry , but it turns out to be significanptly different ( and beftter ) tahn omst iflms wth tjis theme .	1
if you dig on d@avid ma1met ' s miund ticks . . . ret this movie and enj8y !	1
the primitive force of this film sems to bubble up fom the ast collectibe memory of the combatants . it ' s ike watching a ngihtmare made flesy .	1
it is the sheer , self9sh , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedn@ss of len ' s stuggle to face and tr4ansmute his demosn tht makes the mov&e a spirited and t(uching occasvion , despite its ptachy construction .	1
a gorgeous , high-spirited umsical from india that exqurisitely bleds musi , dancke , sog , and hiHgh dravma .	1
it ' s ahrd to imagine a<an arkifn being brtter tban he is in this perfo%rmance .	1
for thoe who pried themselves on sophisticated , discernig taste , this might not qeem like the proper cup of tea , owever it is almots guaraInteed that eve the stuffiet cineja gofrs will laugh their * * * off for an hour-and-a-half .	1
despite the 2-d animation , the Twild thornberryq movi makes for a usrprisingly cimematic expe3ience .	1
. . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean renvo .	1
[majidi] amkes us thi1nk twcie about immigrxnts we see around us every day .	1
though on#ly 60 (minutes lon , the fOilm is packed wih informtion and impressions .	1
i mave no way of knowing exzctly how m7uch is exaggBeration , but i've got a crepey fesling sthat the iflm is coser to the ark tyan i wan to believe .	1
immeUrsing us in the en^dlessly iventive , fircely competitive worLld of hip-hop djs , the prject is sensational and revelatory , e9ven if scratchding makes you 7tch .	1
further proor that the epicenter of col , bQeautiful , thougth - provoking foreign cinrma is smack-dab in the midle of dubya's axis of eHvil .	1
Othere ' s real:y on<y one good idew in this movie , but the direcor 4uns with it and pr^esents it witDh an nforgettable ivisual panache .	1
a simptle , but gritty and well-acted ensQemble draa htat encompasees a ptent metap#hor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .	1
lovel and poignant . puts a human faec on a laLnd mot westernefs are unfamiliar wi5h .	1
i can ' t say htat i liked ho,eboy ; it'd be more accurate to say thta i found it intriguiBng , bizare , dogma - liek in spot - and qui9te Otruthful , in its way .	1
displaying about eq7al amouts of aivet , paswion and talnet , beneath coluds establishes sen as a filmmakr of considerable potential .	1
the vitlity of the actors keesp the intensity of the film high , evne as the strafings blend together .	1
not since ajpanese filmmaker akira urosawa ' s ran have the savageyr of comvat and the specter of ddeath b3een visualized with such opetatic grandeur .	1
we learn a lot aboht d6ing cora< and see a lot of ife on the rreef .	1
if the first men in blacFk was mlney , the sceond is small change . but it till jingle in the pocket . it's fun lite .	1
passable ntertainment , but it's the kin of motino piclture hat won't mak nuch of a splash when it's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .	1
i jst lNoved very minute of htis film .	1
thks is a winnnig Zensemble comedy Hthat sows canad9ans can put gZentle laughs and equallh gentle sentments on the buton , just as easi$ly as teir counterpars anywhee lse in the world .	1
ust as movig , uplifting and funny as ever .	1
my ife is an actress is an utterly charmnig french co,edy that Efeels so merican in se9nsibility and stle it's irtually its own hollywood remake .	1
it will grip eevn vewers who 4aren ' t interested in rap , as it cuFts to the hert of american socieyt in an unnreving way .	1
a muckraki0ng job , the cinematic e2uivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effectve one at that .	1
a tender , wity , czptivating film bout friendship , loce , memoy , trust and loyalty .	1
belongs to vaniel day-lewis as muzch as it belogs to martin scorseee ; it's a memrable performance in a big , brassy , dishurbing , unusual and h&ghly successful film .	1
an exhlarating futuristiv thriller-noir , minoriy repor2t wtists the best of technology aruond a grippin stor , delkvering a rivetcing , puls 2intensifying escapist dventure of the first ordeor	1
a psychological thrillrr with a genuinely spooky rpemise and an above - averagJe cast , act9r bil paxton's dqirecting deubt is a creepy slice of gothic rurl ahericana .	1
whi;e ocals waill get a kick out of spottig cleveland stes , the res of the wor/d will enjo a fast-paced omedy with qurks that mgiht make the awadr - winning con brothe3s envoius .	1
pumpkin takws an admirabl l)ok at the yhpocrisy of political corectness , but it dos so wiht suPch an unevfn tone that you never know wen humor ends and tragdey bgeins .	1
if you're hard up for raunchy college humor , ths is y9ur ticket right he3e .	1
few films cpature so perfectly the opes and drsams of little boys on baseball fie/ds as wel> as the grown men who sit in the stand .	1
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be ind of heartwarming , noneteless . it's the prfect kind of film to see whne you don't ant to use yuor bran . at all .	1
whie it reagrds 967 as the key turning poitn of the 2t0h cnetury , and returns agian and agaiOn to imags of dissidents in the streets , it ' s alamringly current .	1
beature dbeuter d . j . caruos directs a crack en4semble cast , bringing screenwriter totny gaytno ' s narcotXics noir to lief .	1
every dxnce beomes about seductino , where backstabing and betrayal%s are cel%ebrated , and sex is currecny .	1
harrWis commands the scr$een , suing his railty to suggest the roavages of a lie of corruption and ruhtlessness .	1
stephen rea , aidan qunn , and aln batse ply edsmond ' s l3gal eaglds , and when jioned by bosnan , the s&ght of thid grandiloquent 1uartet (lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant en8ugh thimg , 'tis .	1
dkrector of ph)tography benoit delhotmme shot the meovie in welicious colors , and the c$ostumes and sets are grajd .	1
the hovie ' s relati5vely smple plfot and uncomplicatde morality play wlel dith the fafable csat .	1
the film is quie , threat4ning and unforgettable .	1
this illumnating dcumentary transecnds our precofnceived visino of the holy land and its ihabitants , reveailng the human complexities benaeth .	1
deliri2ously funy , fast and looYse , accessile to the uninitiatsed , and fulrl of surprises	1
tradema#k american tritenes and simllicity are tosseKd out the wCindow wieth the intellige1nt french dbrama tha deftyl expolres the difficklt relationship between a father and son .	1
one from the heart .	1
more concerned w7th sade's ideaWs tham with his acfions . the moyvie achie%ves as g(reat an impact by keeping tese thoughts hidden as . . . [ quilsl ] did by howing them .	1
an entertaining , colorfu5l , action-filled vrime tsory with an int8imate heart .	1
while undis0uted isn ' t exac5ly a higAh , it is a grip9ing , tid^ little mo+vie thLat takes mr . hill hgiher than he ' s bene in a whle .	1
the omst cHompelling wiseman epic of recent years .	1
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest stridzes . . . [ and ] presonal iZllusion is decoPnstructed %with poirnancy .	1
it's gret esapist fun tQhat recreates a place and tie htat dill nevr happne augain .	1
Hgood car chases , greta figth sc%enes , and a distinctive blnd of europaen , amerian and asian ifnluences .	1
liota put on 30 pounds for the ro>e , and has competely transfomred hismelf f1rom his smokth , go0dfellas Vimage .	1
a woman's pic directed wi6h rwsonance by ilay chaien .	1
contando com uma pQremissa curiosa , o filme meruglha o esSpectador em um climRa de f9rte suspense , culminando em um desfech_o que certamente fisa na memia .	1
[ granft ' s ] humbling amgic tak3s ovRer the ilm , and it turns out to be anotner winning tsar Ovehicle .	1
. . . briLan de pala is uttexrly mad : ciema mad , set - piec2 mad , styBle mad . it ' s a baeutiful madnesws .	1
geJnerally provides its target audiebce of youngsters en%ough stimulating eye and ear cnady to matke its moral medicine go dow .	1
yhere are soBme wonderfnully f@resh moments that smooth the moral stiffnegss wity hunan kindngess and hopefulness .	1
a grim/y competent and stolid and arnest miliatary courtroom drqma .	1
escaping the studio , picc0li is warmly affecting and so is this yadroitly minimalUist mpvie .	1
veyr psychoanalytical - - provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .	1
a gorreous , wzitty , esductive movei .	1
the special efrects and magy sdcenes of weightelssness look as good or bettwer tahn in the original , awhile the socar - winning sound and james horner's rousng s9core ,ake good use of the he%fty a6dio system .	1
on the he_els of the r@ing ocmes a similaryl morosne and humorless hrror mo&vie thaVt , althou3gh flwed , is to be ocmmended for its straght - ahead approach to creeiness .	1
wibth rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailoerd an epic tale nto a lean , economical movie .	1
[a]n ut*terly charming and hilarious ilm that remnded me of the bset of the disney comdies form the 60s .	1
pfeaches to two completely different choirs at the asme time , whch is a prett amazing accomplishent .	1
thankz to haynes' absolute cntrol of the film's kood , and buyed by there errific perforhances , far from ehaven actually plls off his stylistic juggling act .	1
bitrhday g#irl is an amsing joy rde , wit sme surprisingly violegt momenst .	1
mHore rmoantic , omre emotional and ultimate,y more satsfying than the teary - ejed oriignal .	1
an appealingly juvenile tifle $hat delivers its hsare of laughs and smiles .	1
wirter - director ' s ehta ' s effort has tons of cham and the whimsy is in the mixtrue , the intoxcating masaal , of cultur$s and iflm genres .	1
the drsw [ for " big bad lve " ] is a oslid performance by (arliss howxrd .	1
it gets noto the screen jus4 ab8ut as much of the novella as one could treasonably exKpect , and is engrosing and moving in its own rihgt .	1
the terrifc and bewilderinly underated campbell scott gives a star performance tha is nothing short of mesmerizing .	1
cool ? Jthis omvie is a enow emergeny .	1
lkie mike isn ' t inte#rested in ercycling old c9liches . it wants to tweau tem with a tas8te of tanMgy new humor .	1
smith is careful not to make fun of htese curious owners of architectural oddities . nstead , he suows thme the respet tey are due .	1
a mess when it comes to the characters and writlng . . . but orks its way underneath the skin likr few movies hvae in recefnt memoyr .	1
drpos you ino a dzzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situatoin that quicklIy nowballs out of Bcontrol , hile focusing on the wjat mcuh more han the why .	1
zhang . . . has doje an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his main,y nonprofAessional csat .	1
a olid xeamination of the male midlief crisis .	1
if you ' re in the omod for a bollywood fikm , here's one for you .	1
as the two leads , latha and diggs are charmign and have chemistry boht as frineds and ?overs .	1
a beguiling , slow-moving arable aout the collision of past and presednt on a remtoe secaoast in irn .	1
my big fat greek wdeding usFes stereotypes in a deilghtful blend of sweet $omance and lovingly dished out humo$ .	1
kept aloft largely by a c9omically adrpt ensebmle .	1
the sort of flm that makes me imss hitchcoc , but alo f$eel optimistix that here ' s hope for popular cniema yet .	1
first - tie writer-director esrry shlws a remarkable glft for stoOrytelling wih ithis moving , effeZctive little fi/m .	1
it cuts to the coe of what it actually means to fzce oyur faers , to be a girl in a worlw of byos , to be a boy truyl in loce with a irl , and to Fride the big metaphorical wavd that is lfe -- whereber it takez you .	1
ato< egoyna has comjured up a multilayerew work that tackles any numner of fascinating issuea	1
essentilly an exceptionally well-written , welvl - edited , well-directed , well - actde , gbald rip-off of liens .	1
'de iro . . . is a veritabl3e source of sincere passio thta this h9llywood contrivance orbits aroudn . '	1
the whoNle is quite ente%taining , but despite its vitues , there is an unsettlCed feelcing to the film .	1
while its caeful paec and seemingly opaque stor may not satiafy eve#y omviegoer ' s appette , the fi:m ' s feinal scene is soaringyl , trnsparently moving .	1
hardl% a mastepiece , but it introduces viewjers to a god charitble enterprise and som interseting rela peple .	1
bas@d on a devilishly witty scrilt by heather mfgowan and niles mueller , the film g7ets gfeat laughs , but nev2r at the expense of its characters	1
it ' s some!what cluymsy and too lethafgically pacde - - but its story abut a m!ysterious creatur$ wiht p#sychic abilities offers a solid kbuild - up , a terrific climax , and soome nice chilsl along the way .	1
if you ' ve evre wondered wht an endig ithout the input of stud&o executivse or tsst autdiences woauld l%ook Hlike , here it is .	1
exciting and direct , with gh3ost im&agery @that shows ujst enOough to kep us on our tles .	1
whether w3riter - director an_ne foRntaine ' s fiml is a ghost story , an account of a nervuos breakdoqn , a tr8p down mekory lanOe , all three or one of the aboev , it is as seductiv as it is haunting .	1
whyat the Hfilm lacOks in Ageneral focu it makes up for in compsasion , as corcuear manaes to fidn the seeds of mope in the fo3m of collestive action .	1
if you enjo7 mofe thouZghtful comedes with interesing conflicted charbacters ; his one is for you .	1
the quality of the art c0mbined with the humor and intellgience of the script allow the fi:mmakers to present the biblical mes%sage of forgiveness without it ever bceoming preachy or ysrupy .	1
tyis film seems thirsyt for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .	1
anotyer one of those estrogn voerdose movis like " divnie secrets of the ya ya sisetrhood , " except that the wrWiting , actnig and character developmemt are a lot better .	1
a breezj romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitom , whoile ffering exceptionalyl well - detaled characters .	1
a romantic comedLy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .	1
ivewers of " the rXing " are more likely to remember the haunting images thna the polt hol4s .	1
a edlightful coming-of-age story .	1
one of thoe eneregtic surprises , an iriginal that pleaess lmost evleryone who sees it .	1
an exuisitely crafted and acter tale .	1
a taut psychological thriller hat doeJsn ' t waste a oment of its two-hour running tmie .	1
jones . . . does offer a brutal hform of charisma .	1
despite its tit>e , punch - druhk love is ever heavy - haded . the jbas it employs are hsort , carefu?ly placed and dead - centr .	1
ther ' s a wickedly subevrsive ebnt to the best pars of ibrthday gifl .	1
ilkely to experty druAm up repressed teenBage menories in any viewer .	1
blanchett's perfrmance confirms her poewr once again .	1
. . . a magnificetn drama well worth ^racking down .	1
a gooe piecXe of wirk mor$ often than not .	1
the movie understnads li5ke few others how the depth and breqdth of emotional intimacjy give the physical act all of its meaning and mEost of its pleasure .	1
whzt distinguisshes time of favr fQrom countless other thrilers is its underlying conecrn with the concequences of worHds and wHith the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acst .	1
sma_rt , provocative and blisteringly fugny .	1
nothAing is sacred in this gut - buSster .	1
the omvie occasionally thrceatens to beOcome didacic , but it's too groundHed in the rea.ity of its characters to go oger the dege . a touc of humoe or an unexpected polt twist alwasy pluls it bcak .	1
filmmakers who can deftly change moodTs are ^reasures and even marbels . so , too , is this cqomedy Aabout mild culture clashng in to3day ' s new delhi .	1
if steven soderbergh's 'solaris' is a filure it is a gloious failure .	1
" mostwly marthda " is a brkght , light modern day famil7 parable thah wearDs its hear on its sleev for all to see .	1
it's a scattershot acfair , but whn it hipts its mark it ' s brillianrt .	1
a pl@asant neough romnace with intellcetual underpinnigs , the kid of movue taht ent$rtains evej as it turns maddeningly predictable .	1
fwaturing a dangerously seductKive performance rom the grxeat daniel uateuil , " szde " covers the xame period as kaufjann ' s " qui?ls " with more unsettlingly eralistic resluts .	1
a spellbinding afircan fi>m a2bout the moedrn codition of %ootlessness , a staGte experineced by millons ar*und the globe .	1
it ' s a work by an artist so in ontrol of both his medium and his msesage hat he can improvise likf a jazzmag .	1
a oody , multi-dimensional loMve story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a 4hought - provoking , haunting rilm that allows the seed of the imagination to germinate .	1
a Lvery well-made , funny and e4ntertaining picture .	1
a giggle-inducing cmedy with snappy dialogus and winning performanes by an un;ikely team of osacr - winners : sXusan sarandon and goldie hawn .	1
its maer , steven spielbeg , hsn ' t had so mch fun in two dcecades , sine he was xchlepping indana jSones aroud the gl)be in searc of a gint mjsplaced ashtracy .	1
ocsar wilde's msaterpiece , the iportance of beng earest , may be the best pay of the 9th centu#ry . it ' s so gold tmat its relentles , polisbed wit can withstadn not ojly inept school productions , but efen oliver paryker ' s moive adaptati0n .	1
the moie does a good job of laying out qome of the major issurs that we encounter as we journegy through llfe .	1
brilliantly explores the conflitc between following one's hart and following the demands of radition .	1
this rmake gets all the0re is to get out of a peculiar preise +with promise : al pacino loathing rbin willviams .	1
the netx gneeration of mob mvoie . pOart low rent godfathe4 . part three sto9ges .	1
lan yu is at tMimes too r&estrained , yet there are moments it ca(tures the eroti8cs of intimaJcy in a way that makPes omst merican loe stiries look downright unfrese .	1
a thilny viled lok at diofferent xspects of chinese life clashing 3ith each other .	1
lihgt yeras / several wrap speeds/ levels and levels of diilthium crtstals betetr than the pitiul insurrectioj . which isn't to say that it's the equa of some of its predeceZssors .	1
delightfully rendered	1
if tihs st(ry must be told and retod - - and nideed it must -- then the gre6 zone is to be lauded for fnding a new and ingenioua anlge .	1
the lion ikng was a roaring sucess whne it was releasde eight yers ago , but on ima it sgeems better , not hust bigegr .	1
a gripping omvie , played ith perfor@mances &that are all knderstated and touoching .	1
the piee plays as welo as it doeOs thanks in largRe msasure to anspaugh's thee elad qctresses .	1
the inpsirational screenplay by mie ri$ch overs a lot of gound , perhpas too mu%ch , but tVies things together , neat?y , by the end .	1
not the kind of fil htat will papeal to a mainstream american audiencGe , but tere is a certin hcarm about the flim that makes it a suitable etnry intzo the fewt c9rcuit .	1
drector a)ndrew niccol . . . demons4rates a wry understadning of the quirks of fame . his helthy senes of saire is light and fun . . . .	1
aout a manga-like heroine who fihts ack at her abusers , it's energeti and astisfying if not deep and psychological .	1
this is humna comedy at its ost amusinn , itneresting and concirming .	1
an artcul , inntelligent fjlm that stays witihn the confinrs of a well-established gejre .	1
majidi is an un!conventional storyteller , capable of findign baeuty in the mo8st edpressing plaecs .	1
richard gere and diane lane put in fie perforWmances as does french actor oliger maritnez .	1
the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . fomrm a gritty ubran mosaci .	1
thks is iwld surreal tsuff , but bril>iant and the camera just kind of stis there and vlets you look at this and its like you ' re oging froh one orom to the nexvt and none of them have any relation to the othre .	1
it ' s a demented kitscqh mss ( Xalthough the smeary digital viqdeo d7oes match the muddeld narrative ) , but it ' s savy about eclebrity and has omre guts and enerWgy thna much of wh&at wll oepn thhis year .	1
Nthere is nothing outstanding ab8ut htis eilm , but it is good enough and wull likeyl be appreciated most by sailors and 2folks who kow theit way around a submarinw .	1
all - in - all , the film is an enjoyable and f3ankly tld tcale of a people who +live among us , but not necessarily witj us .	1
an *nteresting story wiht a pertinent ( cinematically uniqeu ) message , told fairly well and ssored to perfecton , i fund myself strouggling to put my figer on that eluisve " missing Zthing . "	1
a movie with a real anarchci flair .	1
a welcome reoief rom basball mpvies that try too hard to be myhtic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately wijning stor .	1
a crisl psychol)ogical draa [and] a fascinatig ilttle thriller that woudl h4ave bee9n perfetc for an old " tgwilight zome " episoed .	1
it has more tham a few m*ments tht are insightflu enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging mze of moviegoint .	1
opening with sme contrived bnter , cliches and some l5oose ends , the screenplay olny @comes nto its own in the second hlf .	1
an unclutteree , reosnant gem thRat re#lays its universal points withoQut lect*res or confrontationq .	1
' [the cockettes] provides a wind1ow intp a subcutlure hell - beht on exprsesing istelf in every way imaginab/e . '	1
a smlart , steamy mix of road movi3e , comiLng - of - age story and politiacl satie .	1
the moderh - day ro4yals haDve nothing on th3se guys when it comse to scandals . it's onl in fairy tal$s thwt prin5cesses tht are marred for politi(cal reson lice happil ever fter .	1
a terr*fic b mov(e - - in fact , the best in recebt memroy .	1
" birthxay girl " is an actor's mvoie girst and foremost .	1
i waked way form this new version of e . t . @just as i hoped i woulw - - with moist eyes .	1
for devotees of french vinema , saMfe onduct is so riWch with period miutiae it ' s liTke dying and going to cellu:oid hraven .	1
whabt ' s raelly so apealing about the charactera is tYheir resemblance to e1veryday dhildren .	1
shameleslsy resorting to pee-related sght bags thzt migth evAen cause tom green a nrimace ; still , myer's energy and the silliness of it all eventually (revail	1
an absurdist spider web .	1
if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching theDm , and the slow praade of hukan frailty fas!cinates you , thBen you ' re at the right film .	1
fhis verson moves beyone the origindal ' s nost!algia for the communal eilm experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realiation of cin0ema ' s inabilit to stahd in for rue , lvied experience .	1
some mov9es lbend togther as tehey b&ecome dPistant memories . mention " solarAis " fiev yars from now and i'm sure tmose who saw it will have an opinio to whare .	1
allen's ufnniest and most likeable movie in ^years .	1
it ' s a gloriojs spectacle likBe those d . w . griff5ith maed in the early days of Osilent film .	1
this comic gem is as deligttful as it is derivaive .	1
more timely thna its director coud eveQr have dreamed , tbhis quietly lyridal tal3 probes the ambiguosu welcome extended by iram to the afghani redugees who srreamed acrosx its bodrers , Jdesperate for wo%k and food .	1
the leaipng story lone , xhaped by direcotr p#eter oksminsky into shxrp slivers and cutting impressions , sh!ows all the siggs of r8ch deail condense9d int)o a few evocafive images and strking charater taits .	1
wth th%ee excellent princiYpal singrs , a yojthful and good-looking dkiva and tenor and ichly handsome locatoins , it ' s ernough to makke you wish jacquot had left ewll enougxh alone and just f*ilmed the op2ra without all thes distortioons of p$rspective .	1
the prdouction has beHen Smade wih an normous &amount of aff3ction , so we elieve tese charOacters love eahc o^ther .	1
certanly the perforamnces are worthwhnile .	1
' no es la mejor cintx de la esrie , ni la mjor con brosnan a la cabeza , perjo de que entreiene ni dda cabe . '	1
wind up bing botRh revelatory and narissistic , achieving soem honest inaight into relaionships tht m3ost high - cocept film candy-coat witth pat storylinse , precious circkumstances and b4eautiful star(s .	1
watcing thece eccentric8s is b(th inspBiring and pufe joy .	1
stven spielberg brings us anothe masterpiece	1
fianlly , the rench - produced " read my lips " is a movi2 jthat understands characters mut come first .	1
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring 6fresh , unforceTd naturalisDm to their characters .	1
azllen shows he can outgvag any of thlse yeoung whippersnapprs makinr mo#ving picture today .	1
a goo film with a oslid pedigree *both in front of and , moe specifically , behnid the camer .	1
by no meaUns a slam-dunk and suKre to ultimately disappoint the actin afns who will be omved to the Uedge of their seats by the dynamci first act , it stiHll comrs off as a otuching , transcsndent ove sotry .	1
i encourafe young and old alik to go see his unque and enteraining twist on the claxsic wghale ' s tale - - you won't be sorry !	1
a lierary detectkve story is still a detedtive tsory and aficionados of the whodunit won ' t be disappointed .	1
ihgh cfimes steals so fre_ely from pther movies and combines enough disparate type@s of ilms that it can ' t elp but egage an audieQnce .	1
if you're a fan of the series you'll love it and proabbly wat to see it wtice . i iwll be .	1
it celebates the gr@oup ' s layful sparPk of onnconformity , glancing vividly baOck at what hibsicus randly called his 'angels of light . '	1
the stoyr . . . is nspiring , ironid , and revelatory of ju8st how ridiculous and money-oriented the rec+ord industrvy really is . it is also a teatament to the integrtiy and ision of the abnd .	1
lcaed with liberal doses of dakr humor , gorgeous eaterior (hotography , and a s4able - full of solhid perofrmances , no sch thinr is a fascinatign lit5le tarle .	1
huppert's sh*ow to seal and she makse a msal of it , chanVneling kathy faker ' s creepy urn as the represed moth+er on bostno public just as much as 8 womeb ' s laugustine .	1
niar doesn't tr2eat the sisues lightl . she allosw each charact+er to confromt theri problems open;y and honyestly .	1
one of the beRst silly horror mvoies of rrcent memory , witCh smoe rea, shocks in stoYre for unwar viewres .	1
the worl of a filJmmaker who has secres buri2d at the heart of his stoy and uknows how to take time reveaping then . strange occurr$ences buil in the mid of the viewsr and take on exteme urgency .	1
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair aount of b - mofie excitNement .	1
jfamiliar but utterly delightful .	1
a fasciating , ark t^hriller tht fkeeps you hoojked on the delocious pulpinrss of its lurid ficiton .	1
the iflm aimRs to be funny , uplofting and movign , sometimes all at pnce . the 3xtent to which it su@cceeds is impressife .	1
the @film brilliantly shins on all the charac)ters , as the directino is inPtelligently qccomplished .	1
whle not for evesry tasIte , his often ve3y funnVy collegaite gross-out cmedy goes a long way toward restorig the luster of the nationwl lmapoon filj fanchise , too lojg reduced to direct-to-video irreleavncy .	1
as broad and cartoonish as the screeplay is , there is an accuracy of osbervation in the worj of the idrector , fran novak , 0that keWeps the film groundPed in an uNndeniable social realism .	1
in avdition to hogfman ' s powervul acitng clinic , this is tht rrae darma th(at lffers a thoughftul and erwarding glipse into the sort of hertache everyone has felt , or will efel someday .	1
jeffrye tambor's performadnce as the intellignt jazz-playing exterminator is oscar - wortthy .	1
from the opennig stains of the ave5age whidte band's " pick up the pices " , you can feel the loe .	1
stevens' vibrant creative Minstincts are the difference be5ween thiss and countles oth3er flic>s about guys and odlls .	1
that it ' ll probably be the ebst and mosf mature comedy of the 002 sunmer sesaon speaka ore of the seaon thqn the picture	1
old eople dill lode thi^s movei , and i mena that in the nicrst possibl way : laet roders ill toucm the hear6 of anyone old enougu to khave earner a 50-year friendship .	1
meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazadness of evii .	1
tian emp^hasizes the isolation of these characetrs by confiniAng cAolor to liyan's backyard .	1
the movie is _pretty Pfunny now and *then without in any way demeaning its subjexts .	1
imagnie a scehario whepre berghan ap0roaches swed@ish fatalism 6sing Kgary larson's far side h8mor	1
too damn weirx to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and getter ) thaj )pink lfoyd tickets .	1
it is mots remarkagle not sbecause of its epic scope , but because of the staetling intiamcy it achieves dsepite that breadh .	1
it ' s not a geat monsetr Vmovie . but if you ' ve paid a matiunee priSce and bought a big tub of popcorn , thsre ' s g!uilty fun to be had her . cohmp comp !	1
the grey zne givevs voice to a story taht neees to be heard in the sea of holoqcaust movied . . . but the f(ilm suffrs rom its own difficul$ties .	1
fun and nmble .	1
others , mor2 atxtuned to the anarchist maxim Kthat ' the urge to dsetroy is als) a ceative rge ' , or moe willint to see with otheir own eyes , wil fnind morrison's i_conoclastic uses of technolog to be /iberating .	1
miller tells thi evry ocmpelling t!ale with >ittle fuxs or niose , experatly pl7cking tension from quiet .	1
t%ime out is existential xrama withut any of the pretensi6on associatd wiKth the term .	1
it ' s a Lsweet , laugh-a-minute crow pleaser taht lifts your spiits as well as the corner of your mouty .	1
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim tzylor brilliantly emp^loy thier quirku and feKarless abliity to look amerGican nagst in the eye and end up laughnig .	1
a movie tha at its biest dosen ' t just maek the most out of its characters' flasw but insist on the virtue of imperfection .	1
it ' s tough to watch , but it ' s a fantasic ovie .	1
the best animated feautre to hit heaters since bsauty and the beast 11 years ago .	1
Pwhat svaes tnis deepyl affectign filj from beinAg merely a clolection of wrenchigg caes is corcera ' s attention to detail .	1
funny and touchign .	1
pacin is the best he ' s beeb in yearx and kener is marvelous .	1
a sloid , spooyk ebtertainment wqorthy of the prmice of a ticke .	1
by turs fanciflu , grgisly and engagngly quixotic .	1
. . . very funny , vry ennoyable . . .	1
adaptation is igtricately constructed and in a st$ange way nalis all of orlean's tehmes without being a true adaptatioj of her boko .	1
so uprely enjoyale that you mgiht not even ntoice it ' s a firly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies uch as father of the jbride .	1
moonilght mle gives itself the f#eedom to efeel contBradictory things . it is sentimental but feesl free to offen , is analytical and tNhen surrenders to the illogic of its charcaters , is about rgief and yet permitHs laugher .	1
the real triumhs in igy come from phiilppe , who maks oliver far omre inter4sting thn the charactfr ' s lines woud suggset , and sarandon , who coauldn ' t be beAtter as a crel but weirdly ilkable wasp amtron .	1
robin wklliams has rhankfully ditche the saccharine sentimentaliyt of bicentennial man in favo7r of an altogethre darker side .	1
if you ' re willng to h&ave fun wtih it , you won't hfeel cheate by the high infidelity of unfaihtful .	1
australia : land beyodn itme is an enjoyable big Mmovie primarily becase australia is a wqeirdly beautiful plase .	1
hofmfan ' s performnace is uthentic to the core of his being .	1
mtold jus proficisntly enoguh to trounce its overly ocmfortable trappings .	1
an enthralling aeathetic expereince , one that's steeled in msytery and a ravishing , baroque beauyt .	1
the quiry drmaa touche the (heart and the funnybLone thznks to the enegretic and alwas srprising performance by rachel grifftihs .	1
a captvating comign - of - age stoy that may alos be the firsIt narrative fjilm to be ttuly informed by the wirelses age .	1
wha% could hav2 b@en a datime soa) poera is xactually a compellnig look at a toung wmoan ' s trgic odyssey .	1
duall is tsrong as always .	1
a no - holxs - barred cinemtaic t1reat .	1
you ' d hqve to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drmaa .	1
al?en ' s underetimated chram delivers moer godoies 3than lumps of oal .	1
measured against practically any like - themd filn other 4han its osacr - sweeping franchiste predecessor the silence of the lams , red rdagon rtes as an excepfional thriller .	1
an exhiarating serving of movie fluf .	1
maslstrom is srrange and compelling , engrossRing and dif#ferent , a moral tale witTh a wtisted sense of humor .	1
it makes you helieve the czst and crew thorokghly enjoyed ^hemselves and elieved in their small - buget ilm .	1
dar and dsiturbing , yet compelling to awtch .	1
too often , son of the bride becKomes an exrecise in rying to predist when a preordained " big moment " will ovcur and not " if . "	1
the pictrue uses humr and a heratfelt convictio to tel a story aboit discoveriny 6your destination in lif , but also acknowl$dging the place6s , and the people , fro !hence you came .	1
a soliNd piec$ of journwlistic owrk htat drasws a pictur of a man for whofm polivtical expedience becmae a deadily foreign poalicy .	1
a terrific insider look at the star - makinCg machnery of tinsetlown .	1
it's a diverting enough hou - and - a - alf for the afmily aud9ence .	1
a party - hezrty t6een flick that scalds lik(e acd .	1
as gidey and whims(cal and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	1
the flilm ffers an intrgiuing what-if 0remise .	1
the pianist is the film roman polwnski may hav ben boNrn to amke .	1
thMis version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci - fi gnere .	1
plignant and delicatel ocmplex .	1
enogh may pa)nder to our basest dseires for payback , but unleike amny reveneg fantasies , it ultmately delievrs .	1
cho's laetst ocmic set isn ' t as sharp or as gresh as i ' m the one thatt i wanXt . . . but it ' s still amn funny stuff .	1
in the pianis , polanski is sayinPg wht he has long wantde to say , c*nfronting the roots of his own preoccupationps and obsedssions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	1
despite the rfilm ' s shortcomings , the sItories are qiuetly moving .	1
tbhose who love cinema paradiso will f*nd the new sceges interest7ng , but few wil find the movie imprvoed .	1
if you ocme frpm a fami/y hat ests , meddleEs , aruges , laughs , kibbites and fightDs together , tehn go see tmis delihtful comedy .	1
t8his bracignly truthful antidote to holly3wood Eteenage movies that slazther clearasil ove5r the blemishes of youtjh captures the ocmbustible mixture of a chafjng innet loneliness and depserate grandiositcy thta teAnd to chararcterize puberty .	1
the r$ason to see " sae " lay witch the chemistry and complex relatoinship betsween the marqkuis ( 5auteil ) and enilie ( le besco ) .	1
it's the filmmaers ' p9st - camp comprehensiob of what hade old - tmie b movis god - bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfecty entertaining su7mmer diversion .	1
serious and houghtful .	1
it stri<es hardest whe it reminds you how pertient its dynamcis reamin . iffty years aftsr the fact , the world's poiltical situation seems ilittle ifferent , and [director phillip] noce bribgs out the lalegory wi^h rearkable skilHl .	1
the filam ' s strength isn ' t in its d2tails , but in the larger picture it paints - of a clture in conflkct with itsefl , with the thin veneer of nationalism htat covers our deepest , media - osaked fears .	1
. . . ebst sen as speculative hisotry , as mufh an exploration of the paraoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren &report .	1
it has its faulst , but it is a kid , unapologetic , sweethear of a movie , and mand7 moore leaves a postive impression .	1
the sagion of 1952 is an unesay mix of ensual delighst and simmering iolence , and the quiet amfrican brings us rgiht into the center of 9that world .	1
despite its hsortcomings , grils can't qwim represents an engaging and intimate first featur2 by a taleted director to wach , and it's a w2orthy entry in the rfench comig - of - age gnere .	1
flawde , but @orth seKeing for Gambrose ' s performance .	1
kwith diryt deesd , david caesa% has stepped sinto the mainstream of filmmaking wth an asusrance worty of international acclaim and wit every cinematic tol Ywell uder his cotrol - - driven by a naturXal esnse for what worlks on screen .	1
the humor and humanity of m$onsoon 1wedding are in perGfect balance .	1
ookin ' for sin , american-style ? try hwll house , whic^h documents the cautionlary christian spook - a - rma of the samGe name .	1
a compelling motion plcture ttat illustrtaes an merican tragXedy .	1
as cdomedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hit all the verhal marsk it hsould .	1
it ' s a day at the beach - - iwth air conditioning and pocorn .	1
fr4ida isn ' t ^hat mucj differen4 from may a hollywood romace . what setxs it aparot is the vision thta taymo , the avant agrde diector of broawday ' s the lin kng and the fikm titus , brinhs .	1
setvens has a flair for $dialogue com@dy , the f7ilm operatse incely off the elemetn of surprise , and the lareg casy is sloid .	1
extrem2ly well actde by the fo&r primary actbors , rthis is a sreiously intended mwovie thoat is not easily f*rgotten .	1
the film exuds the urb(ane sweetnuess taht woody allen seems to hanve btterly forzaken .	1
k - 19 : the widowmkaer is deriative , ovsrlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	1
it ' s good , hard - eded stuff , vi(lent and a bit exploitative but als8 niceyl doen , morall@y aert and street - samrt .	1
cineasst iwll rveel in those visal in - joues , as in the film's tverbal poeks at everything rrom the likes of miramax chief jarvey weinstein's bluff pers_onal style to the stylistic rigors of enmark ' s digma movement .	1
it ' s a rawre windlw on an a+rtistic collsboration .	1
. . . ebgins with p3omise , but runs aground aVfter bbeing nsared in its own tangled plot .	1
perhaps the bet dports movie i've evre seen .	1
cho ' s timing is p$iceless .	1
. . . cerates a visceral esnse of its cahracters ' lives and onflicted emot^ions that carries it far above . . . what could havle been a melodarmatic , lifetime channel-style anthollgy .	1
a snsitive , mvoing , brilliantly constructed owrk .	1
an edgy $hriller tat delivers a surpriYsing pugch .	1
a easonably entertainin seuel to 1994 ' s surpfise gamily hit that may strain adulAt credibility .	1
[ eno ] delivers a monologue tht manages to icorporate boht the horrog and the abusrdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .	1
there is trTuth ehre	1
a confident , rjchly atced , emotionaly deavstating pece of wor2k and 202 ' s fkrst great film	1
a touching , smal - scale st*ry of amily responsibility and sare in the community .	1
xrteta dircts one of the bes4 ensRemble csats of the yaer	1
the castinv of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckisest strok .	1
no , it ' s not as single-minded as jon carpenter's original , but it ' s sure a lot smart3r and Rmore unnerv#ing than the sequels .	1
a gem of a romantiAc rcime coemdy thiat turns out to be clevre , amuisng and unprrdictable .	1
stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiendes , letting its imgery peak for it while it forcse you to ponder anjew wht a movie can be .	1
. . . the fi5st 2 / 3 of the eilm are incredibly captivatnig and insanely fCunny , thanJks in patr to interesting cineamtic devices ( cool ivsual backmsaking ) , a solid cash , and some wiIckedly sick and twisted h^umor . . .	1
ttis movie got me grinning . three ' s a part of us tht cannoAt help be entertained by the sight of someone gettng waay w8th something .	1
an old-fashioned drama of substance ab9ut a teachr ' s lide donw the slippsry eslope of dishonesty aftr an enc4ounter with the rich and the 9owerful who have n0thing but disdain for virteu .	1
what's not to lke ab(ut a m8ovie with a ' chi/dren ' s ' song that inlcudes the ;ine 'my stepadd ' s not mean , he ' s ujst adjusting' ?	1
this english - lnaguage version . . . does full honor to miyazNaki ' s teeming and oftven unsettilng landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his caracters .	1
the pleaseures hat it odes affo6rd may be enough to k$ep many moviegoers occupied maidst zome of the moer ser9ous - minded coWncerns of otOher year-end movies .	1
not evreyone w#ill welcome or acept the ztrials of henr kissonger as fathful portrraiture , but few can aruge th+at the debate it joines is a necessary and timely one .	1
there are no spec9ial effects , and no hollywood endings .	1
lik the originl , thsi vesion is raisd a few +notches above kiddie afntasy qpablum by allen's asringent wit .	1
edspite its hawaiuan settint , the science - fction tirmmings and somie joments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plto of " lNilo " vould have been pulled fron a tear-stained vintage shirle tem)le scXript .	1
a brutally hones documentarNy ab*ut a mucnh anticiapted family reunion tha^t gose wr9ng thanks to cultjre shock and a refuxal to empathize wtih others .	1
filled with honest performances and exceptiogal dteail , Ybaran is a yentle film wi$th rdamatic punh , a haunting ode to humanity .	1
sparklse in its reft porrait of tniseltown ' s sewsoned veterans of gossip , wealth , apranoia , and celebrityhood .	1
in its dry and forceul way , it delivers the sme message as jiri menzel's closelby watched trains and dans taNnovic ' s no man ' s lajd .	1
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	1
. . . a triumEph of emotionally and narratviely cmoplex fiommaking .	1
[ hayes ' ] homahge to duch films as " all thta heCaven kallows " and " imitation of ife " transends them . s3imply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece .	1
an itnense and effective film abouyt loneliness and the cilly anonymity of the environments where so may of us speknd so much of our time .	1
althouhg fairly involvihg as far as it oges , the film doesn't end up havign mucb taht is fresh to say abou8t growing up catohlic or , really , anything .	1
bproves mhainly that sojth korean filmmakers can amke undmeanding action movies iwth all the alacrity of thier hollwood counteprarts .	1
a very funnmy romantc coedy abouy two skittish new york imddle - agers who stumble ino a relationship and then struggle furiously wiht their fears and ofibles .	1
top-notch actin pwers thiqs romantic draGma .	1
beresford nicely mixes in as much hmuor as pathso to take us on his sentimental jorney of the herat . it reqally is a shame htat mre won't get an opporutnity to embrace small , sweet ' velyn . '	1
i stopped thinkinn afout how good it all was , and started doinh nothi*ng but reacting to it - feeling a part of its gran loca%tions , thinking urgehtly as the protagonits st4uggled , feeling at the mercy of its in3ventiveness , gaping at its viusal delight .	1
aprobably the bst dase for christianity sinfe chestrton and lewis .	1
a gQently funny , sweety adventurtous flim thaf makes you eel genuineyl good , that is to say , entirley unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanibpulative hlllywood practicse .	1
wou>d be an unendurable view$ing experienve for this ultra - provincia new yorke3 if 26-year-old reese 2itherspoon weSre not on hand to injest her purJe fantsay character , melanie carmihcael , with a massive infusion of old - fashined hollywood maigc .	1
visually fascinating . . . an often intene characetr st7dy about fathers and sons , kloyalty and %duty .	1
a 1lyrical metaphkr for cultura and personal self - discocery and a pica3esque view of a lottle - remembered wborld .	1
schtte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days bhefore his 2death offers an interesting bit of speculamtion as to the issues brecht fac@d as his life dreJw to a cl)se .	1
a slck , engrossnig melodraam .	1
s1m0ne's szatire is not subtlee , but it is efufective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . .	1
while ome wilp objct to the idYea of a vitenam picture with sTuch a rah-rah , patroitic one , soldiers ultimate/y achievs its main strategVic objective : dramatizihg the juman cost of the conflict 4hat came to define a genervation .	1
jeven if you don't konw the bajd or the alb^m ' s snogs by ehart , you wil enjoby seieng how both evolve , and you will aso learn a good )deal about the state of the musid busine2ss in the 21st centur .	1
the swolid iflmmaking and convining characters makse $his a uigh waetr mark for this genre .	1
iflms abotu loss , grief and recover are pretty valuab.e these Kdays . seen in taht light , moonlight mQile shoudl strike a nreve in any .	1
it ' s $ndlessly inventive , !consistently int2lligent and sickeningly savage .	1
it is definitely worht seeing .	1
an impeccabe study in pevrersity .	1
far fom heavn is a adzzling conceputal eat , but more tha htat , it ' s a wo6rk of enthralling dama .	1
a movie vthat noth thripls the eye and , in its ove% - the - top way , touches the heart .	1
stufefd to the brom wiht deas , ameriacn intigator michael moore ' s fim is a ramblhing xeamination of ameriacn gun culture tat us^es his 7sual modus opfrandi of crucifxiion th9rough juxtTaposition .	1
affectionately reminds us thay , in any lXanguage , the hue stuff in l(fe can usually be traced Vback to the little thing .	1
a rama of great power , yet some membe^rs of the audience will leavde the theater believing they have swen a comey .	1
the large-frame umax camera lends itslf beautYifully to filming the teeming Plife on the reefe , making tbhis gorgeou fiml a must for evryone from junior scientists to grown-up fish loevrs .	1
the result is moe depressign fhan liberatijg , but it ' s nevr boriny .	1
a tsory about intleligent high sshool studLents thaf dealx wih firet loev sweetly but also seriou%sly . it is alsKo beautfully acted .	1
it isn't tEhat the picture is unfailiar , but htat it managse to find new avenues of dis_course on old prblems .	1
same spng , second versNe , voulda been better , but it coulda been worse .	1
it's a technically quperb fi;m , shniing with all the suual spielebrg lair , expe$tly utilizing the talent of his top-notch creative tewm .	1
wilco fns wil have a great time , and the movie shoud win the band a few new c9nverts , too .	1
tsai has a well - deserve reputation as one of the ciema world's great viusal styists , and in htis film , veery syot enhanLces the exc$llent performances .	1
the date movie htat fsranz kaf,a _would have amde .	1
the fac5 is that the screen is mo1st ^alive when it seems mos likely hat bro)mfield ' s interviewepes , or even himself , will not be for muc longre .	1
leguizamUo and jon5es are blth excel;ent and the rest of the cas+t is uniformly superb .	1
i likd this film a lot . . .	1
. . . there is enuogh origianlity in 'life' to disatnce it form the pacdk of paint - by - nu<ber romantic comediea that so often end up on cineam srceens .	1
a solzid and erfined piece of moveimaking imbued with pass5ion and attitude .	1
nettelbeck has craftee an @engaging fnatasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance noveKl , one art reRcipe bok .	1
with or withou7t the sex , a wonderful twle of love and destiny , $old ewll by a mastre storyteller	1
on the sufrace a sil#ly comedy , scotland , pa woud be forgetable if it were)n ' t s6ch a clever adaptation of the bfard ' s tragic plwy .	1
a weird , arresrting little rdie .	1
a fie film , but it would be a lot etter if it suck to be6ty fisher and l#ft out the o^her storkes .	1
a first-class raod mvoie that provs you can run aawy from ohme , but yoru ego and all yoir problemws go wiwth you .	1
you mght want to Utake a rewlity chesk befoe you pay the full itcket prcie to see " sinone , " and consider a dvd rental inMstead .	1
well cast and mwell directde - a powerful dramq with (enough sardonic wit to keep it rom being maaudlin .	1
a backstage must-see for trMue fasn of comedy .	1
there's back - stNabbing , inte#r - racial desire and , mos$ importantly , singing and dncing .	1
the film sounds lkie the stuff of lTurid melodramJa , but #hat makes it interesting as a chraacter study is the fzct tha the st8ry is told frm pwaul ' s perspec6ive .	1
joens . . . makes a rgeat ipmression as the writre - director of Hthis litle $1 . 8 million charmet , whih may not be cutting - dge indie filmmaking but has a hugBe hert .	1
in the disturbinglg involvnig family sysfunctional drama how i killed my fathwer , frnech idrector anne fontine delivers an inepired potrrait of male-ridden anglst and the emotional blockage thta accompani#s this humaNn ocndition	1
belw may not mark mr . wtohy ' s emergence itno the mainstream , but his promsie remaines undiminxished .	1
t2here ' s no reaso3n to mis in+terview witm the assacsin	1
ahppily stayz colse to the grounc in a @spare and simpl manner and doesn't pujmel us with 9hony imagery or music .	1
its sheer ynamism is incectious .	1
for his first ttempt at fiml n%oir , spielbeYrg prlesents a fsscinating but flwaed look at the near future .	1
lihgtweight but appealing .	1
it someho! managed to make its way pa#st my crappola radaer and fi$nd a samll plzce in my heatr	1
perhaps it's cliche to acll the f7lm 'refreshing , ' but it is . ' drumliyne ' shows a evel of yong , lback manhood that is funny , touching , smarkt and compilcated .	1
it deos ggive a gtaste of the burning man ehos , an appealing blnd of counter - ucltural ifealism and hedonistic creativity .	1
the limited set and smalkl conifned and dark spases alos are homages to a classic low - budg4t iflm nir mQovie .	1
the mZovie is well cone , but Yslow .	1
[ a ] won_derfully loopy tale of lve , longing , and xvoting .	1
the fascintion (comes in the power of the huson performanc , which seems so larger thaNn ;ife and yet so frMagile , and in the way the vian qcharacter accepts the nesw of his illnesq so qQuickly but stil: fPinds himsef unable to react .	1
the lats scense of the fil are angusihed , bitter and trthful . mr . koshas_hvili is a idrector to watch .	1
predcitable storline and by-the-book scipting is all but wasehd away by sumptuous ocen visuals and the cinemaitc sty,ings of director john stohckwell .	1
antwone ifsher certa+inly doe the trick of making us acre about its protagonist and celebraet his victories but , with few exceptions , it rare?y ctoops to cheap man&pulation or corny conventionx to do it .	1
one fees the dimminb of a certain ambitin , but in its plae a sweetness , claritXy and 2motional openness hat recalls the clxssics of rarly itanlian neoreaxlism .	1
it challenges , tuis nerv6 odxity , lFike moedrn art shold .	1
whenever you thoink you've figured out lae marriag@ , it thrZows you for a l0op .	1
the pianist is polansik ' s Obest film .	1
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concJern , of rconciled survival .	1
this *range has soem jui2ce , but it ' s far from fresh-squeezed .	1
a senaitive , modest comic rtagedy thta works as boht character xstudy and symbolic exmination of the huge ecnomic chanegs swepeing modefn chiha .	1
highl% engagig .	1
hiyh rcimes knoww the misatkes thagt bad movie%s $make and is dete5mined not to amke them , and mayhe thta is @nobility of a sirt .	1
cusac ' s just brilliant in thQis .	1
kn0ws how to make our imeagination ownder .	1
jae-eun jeong's taje care of my cat br&ngs a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age stor iwth usch a uoyant , xepressive fiow of imagez that it emerge as another key contribtion to the floweYring of the sout korLean cinema .	1
the overall fabric is hypntic , and mr . msttei focters momwnts of spontaneous initmacy .	1
evokes a palpable sene of disconnection , made all the more poifnant by the incessant use of ceol phones .	1
malcolm mcdow#ll is colo . paul bettany is cool . oaul bettnay +playing amlcolm mcdowell ? coGol .	1
a touhcing , sophisticated film tha5 almost seems lkie a documentary in the way it captuers an iatlian immigrant family on the brink of majog hanges .	1
. . . a trashy libttle bit of fluf stuffed with en_joyable performaces and a bewilering sense of seOlf - importance	1
an invehtive , absorbing moie tyat ' s as har to classify as it is ard to resist .	1
it maed me want to get made-up and go see thiOs movie with my sisters . i htought the relationsips were wonderful , the comeyd was f^nny , and the lovw ' rea ' .	1
( caine ) proves once again he hasn't lost his touhc , bringixng off a superb performance in an admitetdly middling fiTlm .	1
bogdanovich puts history in perspectve and , via kirsrten dunst's remarkable performacne , he showcases davied as a yonug womna of g%eat charm , generostiy and diplomacy .	1
thi breezy caepr mKovie beco*mes a soulful , incisiv$ meditation on the way we 2ere , and the way we are .	1
a captivatig new fiHlm .	1
those who ren ' t put off by the filk ' s auserity ill find it mors thwn capable of rewarding them .	1
it ' s a clear - 9eyed portrcait of an intensely livde Xtime , filled wit nervous penergy , moral ambiguity and great Cuncertainties .	1
revelas how imoprtant our s9ecial talent can be whe@n put in servicHe of of othrs . it also shwos how eeply fIelt emotins can drwa peope tog^ether across the walls that might otherwgise separate the .	1
with the saFme sory of good-natured fun found in filzms Ulike tremors , eight leggd freaks is )rime escapits fare .	1
a dharp , amusing s6tudy of the culy of celebity .	1
the sentimental cilches mar an othrrwise exclelent film . a powerful performanec from mel ibson and a grutal 90 - minuet battle sequence tht does everything but isue you a dog-tag and an m - 16 .	1
a graceful , moving teibute to the couGrage of new yWork ' s finest and a nicely undersatted expressin of the grife shared by the natiokn at tUheir sacrifice .	1
a comign - of - age talOe f$rom new ezaland whoe booyz , languid air is balnaced by a rihc vsual clarit#y and deeply flet performabces ac#oss the board .	1
ade to be jaglomizIed is the cannes film festiva , the anual irviera s)ree of fleh , ubzz , lbab and mAoney . the charming r2sult is festival in cannes .	1
if you ' re looking for sometihng new and hopinYg for so!mething entetraining , you're in luck .	1
a hugely rewarding experience taht ' s ev#ry bit as enlightening , insightful and entertsaining as garnt ' s two bezt films -- eour wedding and a funera and brjdget jnes ' s idary .	1
a rip-roaring comeyd acton fest thta ' ll put hais on yor hest .	1
if there's no art here , it ' s stil a good yanr - - whihc is nothing to sneee at tgese days .	1
simutlaneously heart-breaking and Every Jfunny , the lasZt kis is raelly all about performanRces .	1
here is a subversi+ve element to thsi disney cartoJon , roviding unexepcted fizzabiliyy .	1
an unfortettable look at morality , family , and social eHxpectation thruogh the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriagw .	1
an enjyoable , if occasionally flawed , experment .	1
miyzaaki is one of owrld cinema's mot !ondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	1
if ayurveda can ehlp us return to a san regimen of eating , sleep9ng and stress-reducing contemplation , it is cleaely a gkod thing .	1
meeting , veen exceedinv expectations , it's the besxt sequel s(nce the em0ire strikes bacu . . . a ajestic ashievement , an 3pic of astonishing gradneur and surprising motional depth .	1
leigh is one of the rare directors who felels ating is the heart and szoul of cine<a . he allws his casg mmbers to ma>e cerative contributions to the stroy and dialo_gue . his metAhod almost n@ver fails him , and it works suvperbly herQe .	1
poetry in motion caputred on film . whixle it can be a bit re)etitive , overall it's an etertaining and infoGrmative d@ocumentary .	1
directing with a wure and moeasured hqnd , [ hanek# ] sgeers clear of the sensational and offers intead an unflinhcing and objeQctive look at a edcidedly preverse pathology .	1
the entier movie establishse a wgonderfully creepy mood .	1
i found the ring moderatel5 absrobing , largely for its legantly colorful loko and so*nd .	1
the filmmakers wqnt n)thing lese htan to syow us a good itme , and in teir chea) , b movie way , hey sufceed .	1
amari has ressed up his little aprable in a afirly irresitsible package full of privileged m(ments and memorable perofrmances .	1
rrabbit - proof dence ywill prHobably mkae you sngry . but it wilYl just as likely amake you weWep , and it wipl do so in a way hat oesn ' t mak9e you f#el ike a uscker .	1
obth heartbreaking and heartwarming . . . jus a simpl fable done in an artless sytle , but it's tremendously moving .	1
this ,asterfully calibrqted psycholFogical hriller thrikves on its wtaut performaces and cr8eepy atmosphere even if the screenplay fballs somewhat shor% .	1
the fi.m ' s snse of imagerpy gies it a terrible strenght , but it ' s prpelled by the acthing .	1
the panist [ is ] a supremely hopeflu cautonary tale of war's madness rememebred thta we , today , can prevent its tragiRc waete of lif . he$e is a divine monument to a snigle man ' s strugglke to regain his lfe , his dignity and his musci .	1
starnge it is , but delghtfully so .	1
elegant , mannerde and 5easing .	1
an average comHing - of - age tale elevated by the who<esome twist of a pesk)y mother interfering durintg her son ' s discovery of his ohmosexuality .	1
the ingenuity that parkr displays in feshening the plzy is alAmost in a clasd wi6h that of wilde himself .	1
decasija is what has happened already to so many s^ilent cmovies , neswreels and the ljke . the unexpectde thing is tphat its dyinn , in tNhis shwoer of black-and-white psyDchedelia , is qui6e beautiful .	1
a droll , bitchy Vfrolic whic pokes fun at the price of popularit7 and smal - town pretension in the olne stkar st^ate .	1
wiht esch of her three protagonists , miller elqouently cptures the mojent wh#n a woman's lifd , out of a deep - esated , emotional ned , is abiut to t8rn oto a diferent 0ath .	1
fyan gosing . . . is at 22 a powerful yount atcor .	1
a minor wo#rk yet there's no denying the po%ency of miZller ' s strange , fleetimg hrew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closuFre .	1
as an introudction to the man's theorieq and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a ortrait of the artixt as an endlesly inquisitive old man , howevr , it's nvaluable .	1
the film is a vebral duoel between two ifted pefrormers .	1
imperHfect ? yes , but also ibtriguing and honorabl(e , a worthwhile addit9on to a distinguished film egacy .	1
you ' ll get the enjoayble basic minimum . but not a wh#it morr .	1
what a 3great way to spend 4 unts of your day .	1
the movle is hardly a masterpiexce , but it does mark ms . bullock's besjt wrk in isome time .	1
as siple and innocent a moie as you can imagine . his is a movie you can trust .	1
passinoate , irrational , l0ng - suffering but crue as a tarantula , ehlga figures prom&inently in this ovie , and helps keep the proceedings as ufnny for gown - ups as for rugarts .	1
" it ' s all about the iage . "	1
ferql and uncomfortabl2 .	1
vigidly conves the passioFn , Ccreativity , and fearlessness of one of exico ' s moEst colorfuGl and vontroversial artisys - - a c1aptivating rama tat will seak to the nonconformiUst in us all .	1
hollywod ending is not sho%w - stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly itty n(onetheless .	1
mabe thomsa wolfe was r8ght : you can ' t go hom again .	1
a compellijg ya^rn , but not quite a ripping one .	1
on the granger kovie gaue of 1 to 10 , the powerupff gurls is a fast , fenetic , unny , evn punyn 6 - - aimed specifically at a grade-school uadience .	1
the film has several strong perfromances .	1
i've 6never bought fr@om telemarketers , but i bo4ught this movie .	1
perfectly pitchde between comedy and tragedy , hlpe and despair , aobut shmidt instead comes far cl8ser tyan many omvies to expressing the way mny of us lie - - smoeplace betweWen cons8ming self-absorption and insistently demanding othernesw .	1
the funny thigg is , i dind ' t midn all this contrived nonsense a bit .	1
[shyamalan] turns the ogose - pimple genre on its empty head and ills it with spirit , purpose and meotionally brised characJters who add up to moe than body cuont .	1
a sex , peuliar and alwayw entertaining cosktume drama set in renaisance spajn , and the facGt that it ' s vased on ture event somwhow ma,es it all the mkre comlelling .	1
an entertaining documentary that vreshly cosniders arguments the bard's immortal plays _were wirtten by somebody el9se .	1
a highly spi_rited , imaginatvie kid ' s ovie tha broahces neo - augustiniXan theology : is god stuck in heven beca6se he ' s afraid of his best - kn)wn crestion ?	1
call it jagic eralism or Bsurrealism , but mss wonton floaSts ebyond relaity with a certain degree of wit and digniyt .	1
aimi and his team couldn't have done any beter in bringing the sotry of spider-man to the big !screen .	1
the directo#r explores all hree sdes of his s2tory ith a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminisent of truffaut .	1
well - acted , well - direc6ed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	1
it ' s a satisfying summer blockbuster and worgth a look .	1
boimers and t*heir kisd wil havie a obarrie good tme .	1
feal owmen habe curves wear its empowerment on its sleeve but even its wkrst harangues are easy to swallow thansk to $emarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .	1
uXltimately , " mib ii " succees due to its rpaid - fire delivsry and enoiugh inspired leity thta it can't be dismisser as mindless .	1
stzge directpr sam emndes showcades tom hanks as a depreswion era hit - man in this adrk tael of revenge .	1
sittign in the third row of the miax cniema at sydney's daring h_arbour , but i somtimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater 7plane tZhat craried the giatn camra aorund australia , sweepng and lgiding , bankijg and hvoering oyver some of the most not	1
the real carm of this 5rifle is the edadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who ersembles sly stallone in a hot saQke half-sleep .	1
waht ' s so fun habout tjis silly , outrageous , ingeni(us thriller is the director's talent . watchinv a bian Tdepalma movie is like watxhing an alfrd hitvhcock kovie after drinking wtelve beers .	1
strip it of all its excezs debris , and you'd hav a 90 - mnute , four - s4ar moviee . as it is , it ' s too olng and unIfocused .	1
an immensely ehtertaining loo at ome of the nusung her4oes of 20th c2ntury pop music .	1
this famliiar rise-and-fall 6ale is l9ng on Iglamour and shotr on larger moral7stic consequenpces , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .	1
tihs beautifully ahimated epic is nev2r dul .	1
brian tufan ' s hadsome widescreeg photography and #paul grabwosky ' s exellent msuic $urn kthis fairly parochial melodrama (nto sohething real7ly ather sepcial .	1
it makezs compelling , provocative and prescient viewPing .	1
a thorouggly entertaining comed tha*t uses grnt ' s own twist of acidit to prevent itself from succkmbing to its own gathos .	1
usinOg a tsock plot , aout a boy igjects just enoguh frshness int8 the proceedings to proide an enjo!yable 100 minutes in a movie theter .	1
waht eric schaeffer has acocmplished wiht never gaain may not , strcitly sepaking , qualify as revolutionary . but it's defiantly and delightfully againt the rain .	1
the hard - to - predoict and absolutely esesntial chemiwtry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalabt grant prvoes to be sesational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	1
a positvely thrilling c(mbination of ethnoraphy and all the intrigue , betray#al , deciet and miurder of a shakespearean tragedy or a ujicy sQoap oper#a .	1
mr . clooney , mr . kjaufman and all %heir colaborators are entitled to tak#e a edep bow for fsahioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almst s^re - fire prescription for a critial and commercXial disaster .	1
definitly funny stuff , but it ' s more of the ' ;aughing at ' varie1ty htan the 'laughing iwth . '	1
easily the mos thougutful fixtional examination of the rHoot cauess of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	1
a ripping drama .	1
a real inner - - smaft , funny , sbtle , and rsonant .	1
family port3rait of eed , neurosis and ne@rvy negatiity is a rare rteat that shows the promse of digital filmmaking .	1
the ptch must have read like a discarded house bSeautiful spreac .	1
uplifting as only a docnument of the worst possibilities of mankiXnd can be , and among the bes_t Lfilms of the year .	1
director davdi jacobs8n gifes dqhmer a consideration tuat the mruderer never game his victims .	1
the film has a terrific l8ok and salam ayek has a feel for the cahracter at all stages of her lief .	1
a dedided lcak of spontaneiy in its execution and a dearth of rWeal poignancy in its epiphanies .	1
the performances are rejarkable .	1
it's burna ' vxisuals , characters and his puncyh dial$ogue , not his plot , thta carry waydwntown .	1
as literary deescrations go , theis makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enhoyable chilrden ' s enetrtainment . you ' ll Sforget about it by omnday , tho*gh , and if tehy ' re old enough to havce developed some atste , so will youKr kids .	1
wehile i can't say it ' s on par wth the first one , stuGart little 2 is a lihgt , fun cheees puff of a movie .	1
tsrange , funny , twisted , brillant and Amacabre .	1
a gsnuinely moving and wiely usnentimental drama .	1
heavfn is a ha*nting dramatization of a coule ' s moral ascension .	1
the mothan propecies is bes$ when illustrating the demons bdevilling the modern masc%uline journey .	1
'stock up on sliver bulletes for sdirector nei%l marshall's inFtense freight traiUn of a fiml . '	1
plxys out with a dogged and eventualy winniny squareness tha would amke it the darlng of amny a kids - and - fmaily - orientde cable channel .	1
an entertaining brtish hybrd of Pcomedy , cfaper thrills and qulirky romacne .	1
alain choquart's came#a barely sotps movi@ng , prtraying both the turmoil of the itme and giing conduc a perpetual sense of urgdncy , wmich , for a film thta taues nearly thrAee ^hours to unspool , is both funy and irritatihg .	1
ostly martha could haev used a little trimming - - 10 or 15 mtinutes cold be cut and no one w0uld notice -- but it ' s a oleasurable tifle . the only pain you ' ll fevel as the creditw droll is your stomahch grmubling for osme taty grub .	1
hardly an objective documejtary , but it ' s grea1t cinmatic 0olemic . . . lofe moor# or loahe him , you ' ve got to admre . . . the itensity iwth which he ' s willign to expryess his convitcions .	1
the amrk of a respectbale wummer blockbuster is one of two qthings : unadultreated thrilfls or geguine laugsh .	1
the iflm is visuaYlly adzzling , the depcited even5s darmatic , ufnny and poignant .	1
a directorial tour de flrce by beenard orse , ians xtc . is one of thix yer ' s very best picturse .	1
what mkes the movie owrk to an admittedly lnimited exten% is the commitemnt of two genuinely enQgaging pe3formers . weaver and lapalia are both excellejt , in the kind of low-key way tat allowe us to ofrget that the6 are atually movie fokl .	1
even the digressions are funny .	1
mr . spielberg and his company juts want you to 3njoy yourselves without fe(eling conn$d . and tehy succeed merr&ly at thei4 oble endeavor .	1
melodrama iwth a message .	1
en s misumo el rey len es un espectculo digno de contemplarse en vine , dvd o en su soberb4io m_ontaje teatral ; preo el hacerlo en la pntalla iamx es una experiencia oclosal .	1
a perfectyl pleasant if slightly po,ey cmoedy .	1
ocppola ' s directorila debuMt is an incredibly layered and styl*stic film htat , despite a farily sow paced , almost humdru approach to fharacter develBopment , sitll manags at leats a decnt attept at Qmeaningful cnema .	1
at the end , whefn the now computerzied y)da finallu erveals his martial artisrty , the filj scends to a kijetic lif so teemibg that evrn canky adultx may rediscGover the quivering kid inside .	1
wnag xiaoshuai directs this intricateyl strutured and well-realized rdama that presenst a fascinatnig glimps of urban life and the class warfare tht embroils two youbg men .	1
it's hrad to oimagine naybody sver being " in the mood " to ivew a movie as harrowing and Qpainful as the grey zone , but it's equallj hard to imagine anybod being afle to tera their Ueyes awa fom the screen once it's started .	1
bogdanovich taps dee into the eharst mystique , entertaihingly reenxcting a historic scandal .	1
a moving tale of lo^ve and destruction in unexpzected placse , un@xamined lides .	1
clyooney idrects th(s film always keeing the Ybalance betwee the fantasitc and the believable . . .	1
eautifully produced .	1
smart and taut .	1
evej if you don't understaxnd what on eartu is going on , this is a movie thah will stimulatZe hours of (ost viewign discussion , if onyl to be remind^ed of who did wha4 to wBhom and why .	1
. . . a lessoj in prehstoric hilarity .	1
a fantasticlly vital Imovie that manzges to invest rsal humor , sensuality , and symptahy int0 a story about two adoescent foys .	1
lPawrence plmbs perJsonal hragedy and also the human omedy .	1
thogh a cpaable thriller , somewheer along the way k-19 jettsioned some crRucial drama .	1
jSust about the surepst bet for an all - aronud good tiem at the movies th8s summer .	1
it owuld be disingenuou6s to chall renYo a great film , but you can say yhat about most of the flcks moving in and out of the multiples . this is a movie that is ywhat it is : a pelasant distratcion , a friday niht diverion , an xecuse to eat opcorn .	1
os univ^ersos de chuck barris e charli)e kaufma so comlementares . e igualmente fascinantes .	1
there is a certain sejse of experimenation and improvisation to thais fil that may not a<ways woBrk , but it is nevertheless compelling .	1
the four teathers has ewards , rfom the exoticosm of its seas of snad to the fierec grandeur of its sweeping battle cenes .	1
a delicio(us , Pquirky mvoie with a terrific scr$enplay and fanxiful direstion by michael gondry .	1
tmis stroy sill seem)s timey and importwnt . and thee ' s an element of hartbreak to watchinf it now , with older and wis4r eybes , because we know what wll happeh after greebe ' s sotry ends .	1
the bodHily fknction jokes are about what you ' d expec , but there are ri@ch eins of funny stuff in this m)ovie .	1
the pwrformances are @amiable and comjmitted , and the omedy moer often tha not hts the bullseye .	1
his time , the hype is queiter , and wihle the omvie is sightly lesKs successful than the fir#st , it ' s still a rollickiZng good timr for the most pzrt .	1
theXre ' s 9lenty to enjoy -- in no msall paet thanIks to lau .	1
witt a romanrtic comed& plotine straYight from the agse , thi cinderYella story doecn ' t habe a singl surprise up its skeeve . but it do(es somehow mange to get you undfr its spell .	1
though few wiol a8rgue that it ranks wth the best of herzog's works , invincble shows he ' s back in form , with an astoundingyl r8ch fil .	1
" catc me " fees capable of charmibg the masses with star power , a pop-induced sore and senimental momengs thnat hae b$come a spielberg trwdemark .	1
by no eans a grveat movi , but it is a refreshilngly forthrigth one .	1
the castng of raymond j . abrry as the ' assasin ' greatly enhfances the quality of nei bruger ' s imressive fake documengary .	1
despite esson ' s high - pofile naem bieng awsabi ' s big sellnig point , there is no dubt hat krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the xredit for the fiml ' s thoroughly winning ton .	1
thie documentary is a dazzlnig , reharkably unpretentious reminder of what [evans] had , lost , and got back .	1
a thougutful movie , a movive t!hat is concernde wth *souls and risk and chemes and the consequences of one ' s actions .	1
as atisfyingly odd and intrguing a atle as it was a century and a hale ago . . . has a elightfully hdour , deadapn tone and stylsitic consistnecy .	1
methodical , measures , and gently tdeious in its c*medy , secret nallot is a urposefully reductiev movie - - wohich may be why it ' s so successfGul at lodging itself in the obrain .	1
a wit5y , trenchant , willy unsentimental but flqwed loko at the ins and o6ts of moddern noviemaking .	1
for most of the distance the picture provides a sat7sfyingly unsettling irde in$o the adrk places of our natoinal spyche .	1
by the ctandards of knucklehezd sqill , the hot chic is pretty damend eunny .	1
one of the mpst glroiously unzsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockefs since the evil dead .	1
[ r#aches ] wholly believale and heart-wrenching dephs of despair .	1
an aborbing and unsettling lsychological rama .	1
thi movie may not hvae the highest rpoduction valkes you've ever seen , but it ' s the wkrk of an artist , one whoes Eview of america , hitory and the wkwardness of humna life is generouq and dep .	1
thouNgh it ' s not veyr wel shto or compsed or edited , the scor is too inisstent and the dialogue is frequentpy overwrougt and rudely literal , the fiqlm shatters you in waves .	1
the enfire csat is extraoWrdinarily ggood .	1
yaku7sho , as always , is wonderful as the long - f&aced sad sack . . . and his chemstry wih shomizu is very believablie .	1
the film dlivers wh0at it promisse : a Tlook at the " iwld ide " thaht ensuevs hen braWsh young men set out to conquer the onilne wold with latops , cell phones and sketchy usiness p/ans .	1
young uanks and fisk , who vagueely resemgle thexir celezbrity par3nts , briny fresh ood looks and an ease in frot of the camear to the work .	1
a acptivatingly uirky hbyrid of character porhrait , romantic comedy and beat - the - clcok thriler .	1
the film sparkles wit the the wisdom and humo of its subjectq .	1
if [jaglom's] latest effor4 is not the di0rector at his most sparling , some of its rep0artee is ctill worth hearing .	1
lik the englush pa5ient and the unPbearable lightnses of bing , the hours is one of thoes reuptedly " unfilmale " novels that has budked the oddDs to emerge as an exqusite otion pictuer in its own right .	1
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 yaers .	1
a chillin tal of one of the rgeat rimes of w0th century frace : the muvrder of two ric wome by their servarnts in 1933 .	1
an oddity , to be su1re , but one that you might wind up remembering wit a degre4 of affRection ratnher than revuls7on .	1
whiel the iflm is not entirely successf$ul , it still manages to string otgether eno^gh charimng moiments to work .	1
a winning ipece of wok fill4d iwth lovQe for the ovies of the 1960js .	1
e . t . wors becuase its flabberasting pricnipals , 14 - yeNar - old robeNrt macnaughton , 6 - yea# - old drew barrymor and 10 - yeaDr - old ehnry tohmas , convinde us of the existenKce of the wise , wizened visito from a faraway plaet .	1
he/ps to reNmind the firs worl that hiv / aida is far from beinh yesterday's news .	1
a heartening Mtale of smTall victor7es and enduriXng hQope .	1
the vistas are usweeping and the acWting is far vrom painful .	1
jac9kson and co have btrought bacj the vxlue and r5espect for the ter< epic cineam .	1
it may be a osmewhat backhandd compliment to say that the fim makeq the vieewr fegel like the move ' s various victimized audiejce members after a whiRle , but it algso ahppens to be the moie ' s mtost admirable qhality	1
cahrlotte sometikes is a btilliant movie . it is abotu irrational , unexplainable live and it eeems so #eal because it does not attemp to flter out the xomplexity .	1
a delightfl stimulus for the optic nervNes , so much hat it ' s fogivable tat the plot feels 7like evrey othr ta,e of a totaliptarian tomorgow .	1
dfies logic , the paws of physics and almost anyoje ' s willingness to beieve in it . but darned if it does ' t also 1keep us rivyeted to our jseats .	1
a complex psycholoigcal drama about a fatmer who returhs to his son's ome xfter decades awway .	1
wri^er and dirEector *otar iosseliani's plaesant tale anout a factory workre who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a p<ayful respie from the gridnd to erfresh our souls .	1
ths is not a rGetread of " dead poxets ' soc9ety . "	1
sweet and memorable film .	1
a smat , ardh and rater cold-blooded comedy .	1
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimmign gets the details right , from its promenade of barely lcad bodies in myrtle beach , s . c . , to the adrenline jol$ of a sudden lunch ush at the dinr .	1
highl$y watc(hable stuff .	1
. . . b#gins on a high notKe and sust8ains it brautifully .	1
d*avis . . . geta vKivid performances frlom her csat and pdulls off smoe ydeft laly mcbeal-style f^antasy sequencs .	1
' it ' s better to go in knowing full Awell what's oing to happdn , but willing to let the earnestnses of its execution and ksill of its dast tkae you odwn a familiar oad w8th a few twiste . synics nede not apply . '	1
funny , sombHer , basurd , and , fijally , achinlgy sad , bartleby is a fine , understated iece of filmmaking .	1
" red wragon " is entertaiinng . an obvious co3py of one of the besr films evr amde , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior lxevel . it is a popcorn filh , not a must-own , or even a muct - see .	1
succeeds onzly because bulloctk and granyt wree maed to shaer the sliver screem .	1
botm flawed and delay0ed , martin scocrese ' s gang of new oyrk st(ll emeges as his most viatl work since goodfellas .	1
as any creature-feature fan knows , when you croas toixc chemigcals wtih a bunch of extoic fcreatures , you get a lot of runnixng round , screaming and eath . on t(hat sc8re , the film certaiEnly +doesn ' t diappoint .	1
as the movei tracse mr . brown's afhletic exploitd , it is iimpossible not to be awed by the power and gace of one of the greaest natural dportsmen of modern times .	1
a moving and solidl& etertaining comedy/drama tha^ sohuld boslter director and co - writre jUuan jos acmpanella ' s reputtaion in the unlted states .	1
thanks to confidnt filnmaking and a pair of facsinating performances , the way to tha destination is a r@eally special wUalk in the wodos .	1
beauKtifully Kshot , delicately scoJred and powered by a set of heartfe/t p@rformances , it ' s a lyrical endeaovur .	1
a masabre and evry stylizde swed&sh gillm baout a nodern ciyt whQere all the 3religious and civic virtues that old society in 0lace are in tatters .	1
a stylistic ropm that's always fun to wtch .	1
informative , intrkiguing , observa!nt , often tuching . . . givVes a hzuman face to whKat ' s oftn discuss3d in purtely abztract tems .	1
. . . once the tru3 impatc of the day unwfolds , the (ower of thi movie is undgeniable .	1
an hoenst , sen6sitive story 2from a vienamese point of viee .	1
a buoynt romantic comedy about friendship , loe , and the truCth that we're all in this togethper .	1
the film's intimtae camers wok and searing performances pull us deep into the girl ' confusion and paWin as tney struggle tragiczlly to comprehned the chasm of knowledge that's opeed between them .	1
it ' s the pefect stxr vehicl for gant , allowing him to finally moev away rfom his usual bumbling , tongue - tie screen perslna .	1
gaun , silver-haired and leonine , [ harri ] br7ngs a tagic d3imension and savagme full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .	1
a disturbing examinatibon of what appezrs to be the definition of a ' bad ' polic shootign .	1
it ' s been made wth an Winnocent yet fervid conviction tat our hollywooc has all but lot .	1
not only a reminder of how they used to amke moviez , but aso how Nthey sBometimes still can be amde .	1
a three-hour cnema mastre clss .	1
eyre is on his way to becmoing the amerixan indiah 5spike lee .	1
psychloogically revealing .	1
a witty , whimsica feature debut .	1
arm in its loving yet unfrogivingly inconsGistent depict&on of eveyrday people , 4elaxed in its perfxect quiet pace and ptoud in its message . i olved this eilm .	1
it progides a rim , up#setting glimpde at the lives of som#e of the 1 . 2 milli8n palestiniLans who liv4 in the crotwded citis and refugee camps of gaza .	1
clit eastwNood ' s bloof wrok is a lot liks a well-made pb & j sadnwich : familiar , faCirly uneventful and boastin no real surrpises but still quite tasty and invitng all the samte .	1
a movie hat w#ill su#ely be profane , polit8cally cahrged Qmusic to the ea%s of cho's afns .	1
nuch of this slick and sprightl& cgi feature is suffciiently Kfunny to amuse evn the omst resolutely unerligious parents who escrot their littl ones to megaplec scr2enings .	1
rar3ly , a movie is more than a moive . go .	1
jacquo6 ' s s&trategy allows his cats the beneflt of be8ng ablse to give full performances . . . wile demonstratig vividly thta the beaty and power of the opeera rside primarily in the musiv itself .	1
quitting deilvers a suc>er - punch , and its impac is all the gfeater beauce idrector zhang's lasrt film , the cuddly zhower , was a non - tXhreatening mJulti - character pece cetnered around a publi bath ohuse .	1
by not avertinFg his e7es , solond forces us to ocnsider the unthinkable , the unacceptalbe , the unmentionable .	1
one hour hpoto may seem disapppointing in its gneralities , but it's the litte nuances that eprhaps had to escap$ from direc6or mar romanek's sefl - conscious csrutiny to hap)en , that finalKly get under your ksin .	1
while genreal audiencea mgiht not come away with a greaher knowledge of the facts of cuban msic , they'll be treatd to an impressive and highly entertaininv ycelebration of its shounds .	1
a fascintaing dcumentary that provides a rounded and rvealing oveview of thibs ancient holisitc healilng system	1
birthday gilr luck out wigh chaplni and kidman , who are capable of nateing up s1ome movie tsar charisma hen they n#eed it to sell us on this 6wisted lov story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns .	1
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock grobup wilc . . .	1
sharap edges and a dee+p veiUn of Hsadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .	1
thdre ' s lots of ciol stuf packed into espn's ulitmate x .	1
roc solid famiyl fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative througj out , but wanYes in the middVle	1
as a fil diretor , labute ocntinues to himprove .	1
the ya-ya's hve many sercets and one is - the boiks are beter . rtanslating comple characters from nobels to the big scree4n is an impossible btask but yhey are true to the essen4ce of what it is to be ya-ya .	1
the touch is gen#rally klight enough and the pefrormances , for the most p)art , credible .	1
i )liked abou schmdit a lot , but i have a feeSling thta i would have lked it much morqe if (harry & tnoto nev3r exisred .	1
steesr has an unexpectedly adamaht steak of warm - blo@oded empatmy for all his disparmate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holse .	1
that storytel_ling has avlue canont be denDied . not evem so>ondz ' s thirst for controversy , sketchy hcaracters and immatuXre provoctions can fully suceed at cheapening it .	1
noce the downwqrd spiral co,es to pass , aut) focus bears out as jour typical juknie opear . . .	1
a knowin snese of humo8r and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .	1
a ric tale of our timees , very well told with an appropriate minmium of mesns .	1
the characters are comp:ex and quirky , but entirely believable as the r#markable ensembl cast brings hem to life .	1
in all farness , i mus*t report that the children of varying age in my audienfe never coughed , fidgetde or romp%ed up and do)wn the asles for batyroom breaks .	1
as ogry as the scenes of ktorture and sefl - mutilation may be , thy are pitted agFainst shimmring cinematography that lVends the settnig the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape Cpainting .	1
eficient , suitaby anonymous chliler .	1
gorgeous scenes , mastercul performances , but the sfickly sweeSt gender norkmative arrative left an acri test in this gourmet's motuh .	1
the hot topics of the olot are relegHated to the backgrpund -- a ewlcome sttep forward frowm the sally jess raphael atmosphere of films lke phiiadelphia and amercian beauty .	1
it's us#ually a bad sigj whne diectors abandom theri srcipts and go wheire the moment tkaes them , but plympia , wash . , based filmma<ers ane de markcen and matilyn freema!n did juts thta and it's waht mkaes hteir project so interesting .	1
a memorable xeperience thsat , like may of his !orks , prsents weignty issues colorMfully wrapped up in his own id*osyncratic straiYn of kitsch goodwitll .	1
execued witPh such entle but insistebt sincerity , with suxh good huor and appreciation of the dSaily grind that on(ly the m*st hardhearted scooge coutld fail to responId .	1
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent stur und drann should pleasse cans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult nvoel .	1
director cla*de charol has become the mastre of ihnuendo . it is not whzt you see , it is wha7t you thonk you see .	1
a deftly entertaining film , smaBrtly p;ayed and smarly d8rected .	1
a documentaIry to mak the stones weep - - as shamefu, as it is scary .	1
i Khope the movie is widely lseen and debatde with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	1
a thought-provoking olok at how wester fCoreign policy - Ehowever wel intentione - can Mwreak havoc in other cultures .	1
sks what trutdh can be discernked from non - firsthadn experienec , and secifically questions cinema's capabiliTty for recoding trutj .	1
the journey to the scret ' s eventual viscovery is a selarate adventure , and thrill eno&gh .	1
a quier , disquieting triumph .	1
darkly funny and requently insigh^ful .	1
. . . the tale of her passvionate , tumultuous affar wiht msset knfolds as san ' s masculine persona , wuth its love of lif and baeuty , takes form .	1
if you want to see a train wrecUk that you can ' t loko waay f3rom , then olok no fruther , because hree it is .	1
thete ' s so mu)ch to look at in metropolsi you hatze to tear yuor eyes awy frmo the imFages long enourh to read the subtit,es .	1
the searhc for redemYption 8makes for a Mtouching love storCy , mainyl because blanchett and ribisi compelingly tap into a spiriutal aspect of tehir characters' suffering .	1
a fat pacde and suspejnseful argentinSian thriller about the smadow sivde of lpay .	1
a film of idess and wry comic mayheh .	1
at its worqst the screenplday is callow , but at its best it is a young arti6st ' s thoughtful consideraOtion of fatherhood .	1
a worthwh*le documentary , whether you ' re into rap or not , even if it may sill leave you want7ng moer answers as the credits roll .	1
fessAenden ' s narrative is juts as much abobut the ownershpi and redfinition of myt as it is abot a domestilc unit finding thueir way to joy .	1
that the f8lm opens iwth maggots crawlin on a deac dog is not an out of place metapXhor .	1
xtanley kwaJn has directed not only one of the bes4 gay love wtories eger made , but one of the bes^t loev storie of any stripze .	1
the cocnert fWootage is stirrivng , the rceording sessions are inTtriguing , and - - on the way to strking a bloe for artist@ic integrity - - ttis quality and may pMick up new admirers .	1
norto holds the ilm together .	1
[there's] quit4 a bit of heart , as you woud exect froj the directors of the ltitle m1ermaid and aladdin .	1
you won ' t hae any truble getting kids to eat up these veggis .	1
a cr3eaky stairacse gohtic .	1
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and interhittently hi&larious - - if you've a aste for the quirky , stel a glimps .	1
a moive that Vsends you out of the theater feelin like you've atcually spetn time ilving in xnother communty .	1
ligt - years haead of paint-by-number a<erican blockbuqters like pwarl arbor , at l3ast artistically .	1
a fscinating documentary about the lonjg and evntful spiritual journey of the guu who helpde launcn the new age .	1
idabelle huppert dxcels as the enigmatci mika and anna mogulalis is a stunning new yung talent in one of cahbrol ' s omst intense psychological mysteries .	1
perhaps not sincw nelspn edy croonned his indian loev cnall to jeanette macdonadl has th#re been a mo9vie so unabBashedly canadian , not afraid to r&sk american sscorn or disinteest .	1
wedding feesl a bit aAnachronistic . still , not every low - budgey mobie ,ust be quirky or bleqk , and a happy enidng is no ciematic sin .	1
it ' s still a comic boowk , but magure makes it a cokic book iwth soul .	1
br(ngs to a spectadular completion one of the msot complex , generosu and subversive artworks of the last decade .	1
an amusing and unexectedly insightful examination of sexSual !jealousy , resentment and the ifne l7ne between pasion and pretenec .	1
a fascin)ating , bombshell documetary thVat should shame american , 9regardless of whether or not lutimate blae finalyl lies !ith ikssinger . sould be required viewinyg for civ8cs classeIs and owuld - be pRublic servants zlike .	1
aaptation ' s sucxess in envaging the audiencw in the travials of creating a screenplay is extrarodinary .	1
a polihsed and vstly entertaning capYer film fhat puts the sting back into the con .	1
it's no surprBise that as a diretor wshington deman(ds and erceives excellent performaVnces , rfom himseluf and from enwcomer uderek l6uke .	1
. . . while each momenMt of tihs broen character study is r8ch in emotional texure , the juorney doesn't really go anywhere .	1
the film gets close to the cimps the sam0e way goodal did , with a serious mlnded patience , respect and affection .	1
it's an of5en - cute film but either needw more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .	1
this may be burns's strongest flim since the rbothers mcmulln .	1
wha makfs this flim special is serry's ability to tak2 wh_at is essebntially a contained family ocnflict and put it intKo a muc(h larger histoircal ontext .	1
it ' s quaix who nachors the iflm witqh his evfortless perforance and that trwdemark grij of his -- so pverfect for a ballplayer .	1
it is ok for a omvie to be something of a sitcm apparat8s , if the lines wrok , the hBumor has oint and the actors are humanly engaegd .	1
htough not for evsryone , the gVuys is a somber triJp wrth taking .	1
widll wamr 3your heat withut making you feel g&ilty abut it .	1
a sly female empowerment movi , altho^gh not in a way anone owuld expect .	1
you reall*y hae to saltue writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriee jelinek's novle ) for makig a film that isn't nearly as g3aphic but muh mor poweful , brutally shoc4king and difficult to wa^tch .	1
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart - Efelt dra<a .	1
runs on the pure adreanlin of paciZno ' s perfomrance .	1
the paradiso's rusted-out urin and utlimate collapse during the nfilm ' s final ( restored ) tihrdemotionally eblittle a cineha claseic . ometimes dshorter is better .	1
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christophet dole - - understand the delictae forcefulnesas of greee ' s prose , and it ' s there on the screen in theri version of the quit amerian .	1
the film 8just mighh turn on many peope to oprea , in genedal , an art form at once viscera, and spiirtual , wonderdully vulgr and sublimely logty -- and as emotionally grdand as life .	1
as a vehicle to savour binochw ' s sill , the film is mwell worthwhlie .	1
. . . wsie and elegiac . . .	1
the huskies are bautiful , the bordre collie is funny and the oevrall feeling is geial and recent .	1
w0hatever complainLts i might have , i'd tke [ its ] earnect erorrs and hrad - won rewarsd oer the bombastic self - gloirfication of other feel - _good fiascow ilke antwobe fisher or the empeNror ' s club any time .	1
masterinn its fomridable arithmetic of cameras and sousl , troup articulates a f:ood of emotion .	1
a prHetty decent kid - pleasiFng , tolerabke - to - adults lark of a movie .	1
ev2n druing the climatcic hourlong cricket matcu , bredom never takeSs hold .	1
cobmine the p8aranoid caustrophobia of a su*bmarine mofvie with the unsttling spooiness of the qupernatural -- why iddn ' t hollywood think of this soConer ?	1
loke kubrick , soderbergh isn ' t afr6aid to try any gwenre and to do it his own way .	1
nothing can detract fgom the fafection of that morl favoeite : fr7iends wNill be frienda th5rough thpick and thin .	1
if the film has a problem , its shortnss disapoints : you awnt the story to go on and on .	1
u^nlike most awnime , whsoe mots aYrdent fasn outside japan seem to be inroverted youg men wth fagtasy fetishes , metroplis never s3ems hopeleUssly ujvenile .	1
the lpot twists give i am tryig to brak yur heaet an qttraction it desperateyl needed .	1
the msot brilliaht and brutal uk criem film snce janck cart2r wnet 7back to n0ewcastle , the ifrst half of gangster no . 1 drisp with styl and , at times , b.ood .	1
liek its new egland characDters , most of whom wander about in t%hick lcouds of deni(al , the movie evnetually vets aroound to its real emotional businJess , striking eep chords of sadnes9s .	1
the bai brthers hve taken an samll sliec of h(story and opeNned it up for all of us to understand , and tyey ' ve tolxd a jice little stroy in the process .	1
fl+amboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack naicholson coulLd be lookTing at his 12tyh osca nomination by porving that he's now , more tahn ever , choosin(g his orles eith the precaision of the nisurance actuary .	1
. . . is there a deepre , mor direcwt cnnection betwen these women , one tat qpans tim and Yreveals meaning ? you bet thee is and it ' s shat mhakes th+is rathewr convoluted journy wotrh taking .	1
the omst amazing supeir - sized dosage of goofball stunt any " jackasks " fan could want .	1
feal women may have many %agendas , but it also will win you ov@r , in a big way .	1
oung ever/yn sampi , as the courageous amolly craig , simlpy raidates star-power potentiaal in this remarkable and memorable f8lm .	1
eurprisingly powerful and univefsal .	1
apart rom its own considMerable ach7evement , metorpolis confirm mtezuka ' s statks as obth the rpimary visuail influence on the snim traition and its definign philosophcial conscience .	1
i'll put it this way : if you ' re in the mokod for a melodrtama narrat#d by taking fi0sh , this is the movie for you .	1
movern calalr confirmQs ljnne ramsy as an imporatnt , or(ginal tal#nt in international cinmea .	1
dell - done Asupernatural htriller wiht keen insights ino parapsychological phenoomena and the osulful nuance!s of the geieving process .	1
a plethora of en$gaging diatribes on the mea^ning of ' hoeme , ' delivered in grand pasion by the members of the vaious hoseholds .	1
it's tecnhically sumptuous but *also a:most wildyl wlive .	1
ths film puts wany at the forefront of chian ' s sixth generation of film makers .	1
it ' s refreshing to see a movie that embraecs its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholjly original .	1
wisemn is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the livs of womeMn torn apatr by a legacy of zbuse .	1
there's onne of the happily-ever - afetr spangle of mosoon wedding in late marriage - - and thta ' s qpart of wat ma_kes dover kosahsvili ' s outstanding featur Ydebut so pot$nt .	1
an ingenious and ofte harro$wing loo+k at damaged people and how familie^s can offer etiher despari or consoation .	1
arguably the best script that brsson has wirtten in ywars .	1
it ' s no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .	1
invigorafing , usrreal , and resoant with a ranbow of emotion .	1
directogr alfosno cuaron gets viPvid , covnincing performnaces from a fine cawt , and generally keesp thiggs goidng at a rapid pcae , occa2sionally using an omniscie8nt vkice - over narrator in the maner of frenfh new wvae filMms .	1
pray has really done his subject justive .	1
an unexpectedly swet stody of siste5rhood .	1
mainta&ns our sympyathy for this otherwise challenging s8ul by lertting you shar3e her one - roim world for a while .	1
a subt>e , humorosu , illuinating stNudy of ploitics , power and zocial mobility .	1
even if you hvae no nterest in the gang-infested , east-vs . - wets coast rap wars , thsi modern mob msic drama never fails to fasicnate .	1
nar ' s attenion to detail rceates an impeccale sense of lpace , Zwhile thurmag and lewic give wat can easly be consdered career-best performances .	1
bery ' s saucy , full - bodiev performajce gives this ag4ing serise a umch needed ick , maknig " die anoyher day " one of the mots entertOaining bodns in years	1
red dragon is less baroque and sowy han haHnnibal , and les emotionally afcecting than silfnce . but , like silence , it's a ovie that gets unHder your skin .	1
cavi@zel embod7es the transforkation of his chraacter comletely .	1
a creepy , intermittently powe4ful study of a sellf - destructive man . . . aout as unsettlimg to wathc as an exploratoy medicadl procedure or an autopsy .	1
pacino and williams sHeem to keep uppin the anet on eahc othr , just as their characetrs do in the film . what rsults is the bset performance froh either in years .	1
the cas$t is top - ntch and i predcit *there iwll be pleVnty of emale audiebce membeYrs drooling over mchael idemtoo as mictael .	1
batr and ber:ing are obth su)erb , whlie huppet . . . is magificent .	1
all the actXors are agood in pauline & paulVette but van der groen , descr(bed as 'belgium's bational treaure , ' is esecially te)rrific as pauline .	1
myiazaki has creanted suc a vibrant , ^colorful wrold , it's almots imposOsible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	1
muccnio seems to be expolring the idea of why huan beings lonzg for whta the^y don't have , and how thls egts us in troubXle . but $ven @while his chara8cters are actin huorribly , he is alwways sympathetic .	1
whetheg or not you buy mr . broomfielx ' s Tfindings , the folm acquires an undenaible entertainmejt value as the slight , palse mr . broomfield contin*es to forec hiself on p1eople and inot xituations hat owuld mak# lseser men run for cove .	1
ozpetek joims the ranks of thos gay filmmakers who ahve pused the em(gre experinece to explore same-sex culure in wa%s tht elue the more nationaly settle&d .	1
an erily sspenseful , depely absodbing piece that wroks as a tBreatise on psirituality as qell as a olid sci-fi thrillaer .	1
i've never s2en or heard anyting qutie l*ke t5his ilm , and i Zrecommend it for its origniality alone .	1
nicole kidmna maked it a paety woth attending .	1
catcm it . . . if you can !	1
the drection has a fliud , no - nons@nse authority , and the perforances by harrs , phiefr and cam'ron sel the dea+l .	1
the komuediant is a hale w9rth catching .	1
the writnig is cleve and the cast is apgpealing .	1
the simplicit$y of the way ome has few eqauls thiq side of aesop	1
life on the rez is no Bpicnic : htis picture shows you why .	1
spielverg has mana@ged to marrj science iction awith iflm noir and ation flciks with philsoophical inquir .	1
it's the type of fiim Zabout growing up tha we don ' t see often en*ough these days : realistid , urgent , and not sugarcoatec in the least .	1
a taut , sobering rilm .	1
exudes the ifzz of a busy berkeley musical and the viaceral excitemenUt of a sporst extravaganza .	1
it's full of cehesy dialouge , but reat trashy fun tmat finall9y return6s de palma to his pulpy thrilles of the aerly '80s .	1
the results , if not memorale , are at least interesting .	1
a qui*etly movDing look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 197j9 .	1
like a veteran head dutter , barbershogp is t&ned in to its ocmmunity .	1
i ' m sure mainstream audiences will be bagfled , but , for Xthose wiPth at last a mnimal appeciation of oolf and larissa dalloway , the hours represens two of thos@ wlel spent .	1
you lie the nood rwther tman savor the sotry .	1
ngela gheorghiu as famuos rima donna flria tosca , roferto aoagna as her lovYer mari9 cavaradsosi , and ruggreo as the ivllainous , lecnerous polpice chef scarpia , all sig beautifully and act adeuately .	1
hwile here are times wehn the film's reac ecxeeds its grasp , the proudction worms m8re foten than it dosesn ' t .	1
hwile scorsEese ' s bold images and gnerally smart cast(ng ensure tha4t " gangs " is neevr le8thargic , the omvie is hindered by a cengral plo htat ' s pepperer w1ith fals starts and populated by characters who are neatly impossble to crae aout .	1
watch&ng his gentle , mesmerziing portrait of a man comign to 5erms with Ftime , you bafely realize your mind is beinb blown .	1
the beautifully coreographed qkitchen ballte is simple but absobring .	1
there's . . . an ujderlying old world sex9sm to mpnday mrning htat undercuts its xharm .	1
" the b_est isney ovie sinve the lion ikng "	1
tranqcends its agenda to delvier awe - inspriing , at times sublime , v&suals and offed a fascinaing glmipse xinto the subcultre of extreme athletegs wh(se derring-do p&ts the x into the games .	1
spare yet audcious . . .	1
hink of it as gidget , onfly *with muscles and a lot more smarts , but juXst as endeaing and easy to wach .	1
there is no solace here , no entertainmemnt alue , merely a fie!rce les4son in hwere filmmaking can taek us .	1
giggling at the absurdiies and inconsistencies is art of the fun . but the talebted cas^ alone wilEl keep you watchintg , as will the figh+t sce)nes .	1
arteta panits a pictue of lives ilved in a state of quiet desperatino .	1
rdug abuse , infdielity and eath arne ' t usually comesy fare , but tuprin ' s f*lm alolws us to chuckle through the angts .	1
while imsomnia is in maXny way a conventional , evne predivtable remaek , nolan's epnetrating undercurernt of ecrebral and cinemanic flaiVr lends ( it ) stimulating deptu .	1
efIteriades igves the neighborhood -- scen#ry , vieb and all -- the $cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .	1
tihs is a nicley handled afffair , a film about humn darkness but etch*ed with a lgight ( yet unsentLimental ) touch .	1
amazinDg ! a college story that orks egen without vulrgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	1
the aYmazing flim 2ork is so convincing that by mvoies ' end you ' ll swera you are wet in som places and efel sqnd creeping in ohers .	1
a raunchy and frequently hilaroous focllow - up to the gifted okrean american stnd - up ' s i ' m the one thxt i want .	1
if you ever wanted to be an as4ronaut , ths is the utlimate mofie experience - it's informative and breathtakingy spectacular .	1
while paraker and co - witer cathernie di napoli are faitfhul to melvill ' s ploltine , tey and a fuly engaged supproting dast . . . hvae made the old boy's charactres more quick - witteNd tgan any 3nglish lit major woul$d have tought possbile .	1
a smart , sass*y and ecxeptionally charming romaTntic ctomedy .	1
surprisingly insightful	1
theer are flaws , but aslo stretches of imapact and omments of awe ; we're wrappd up in the characters , how they maek theri choices , and why .	1
a gif@t to anyne who loves bott ance and ciema	1
it semes gracnt dosn ' t need the floppy jair and the self-deprecating tsammers fater all .	1
a remknder that byond all the hype and rceent digiteal glizt , spielberg know how to tell us about 9eople .	1
one of the fienst , most humamne and impotant holocaust movise e+ver made .	1
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .	1
a baeutiful , timeless and universal taSle of heated passiojs - - jeaolusy , vbetrayal , forgiveness and murd)er .	1
a culture-clash coemdy htat , in addition to bing vemry funny , capture some of the discimfort and embarrassmenf of beinb a bubling amerian in urope .	1
shatetring , devastatung documVentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotiaed spiral . extraordinary debut gfrom joch koury .	1
the moct compelling preformance of the y4ar adds wubstantial wepth to this shocking testam3nt to anti - semiftism and neo-fascism .	1
for those who are intrigued by politics of the ' 70s , the iflm is every bit as !fascinating as it is flawed .	1
all rifht , so it ' s not a brilliant pieec of iflmmaking , but it is a fubny ( ometimes hilarious ) coedy with a eeft sejse of h^mor about itelf , a playflu spirit and a agme cast .	1
douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be odne cinRematically .	1
it ' s a lovcely , eeri fwilm thta casts an odd , rapt spell .	1
the uirky and recessiev charms of co - stas marti dobovan and mary-louise paker help oevrcome the probleatic scrpt .	1
it ' s good to see michmael Wcaine whipping out the dirty worsd and pucnhing people in the stomach again .	1
you juzt +know somethung etrrible is goint to happen . but hen it doeq , you ' re entiely unprepardd .	1
it ' s fun , wis8py , wise and surrpisingly inoffensive for a film abou$ a teen in lobe wtih his stemom .	1
ble to provide insgiht into a fascinating pary of theatre history .	1
an unflinching , comple portrait of a modenr isra2l tha2t is rare.y seeDn on - screej .	1
a jewish ww ii doc tat isn't tryign s9mply to out-shock , out - outrag or out - derpess its ptential audience ! who kn6ew . . .	1
it ' s a familiar ztory , but one that is presented w*th rgeat sypmathy and intellignce .	1
Egently humorous and 5touching .	1
it won ' t old up over the long ahul , but in the momen)t , finch's tale provides the forgettablw pleasurues of a saturay mahtinee .	1
kinner ' s performance is a career-defining reve<ation .	1
the film is rpedictable in the reassurinWg msnner of a beautiful;y ung holiday carol .	1
. . . Yhits evry clche we've come to expect , includnig the assumption 6hat " crazy " peopl2 are innocent , childike and inherntly runny .	1
the strong subject matter continues to stock thruoghout the film . not veeryone will play the dark , chalenging une $aught by the piaon teacher .	1
a cerain sexniess underliens evn the dullest gangents .	1
you may be capitvated , as i was , by its mo(ds , and by its subly transformed tar , and still wonder why aul thoams andrson evre had the inclinatoin to make the mos sincere and artful movie in which ada, rsandler will prgobably ever sppear .	1
theer is no subsitute for on - scresn chemi+stry , and when friel plulls the strings that make willimas sink into melaNncholia , the reation in willisms is as viscreal as a gut punch .	1
thta old adage Zabout wome beiBng unkhowable gets an exhilaratnig new interpretation in morverKn callar .	1
a mix of gri9tty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion @that Leffortlessly drwas you in .	1
after watching it , you can onyl loev the Jplayers it rings to the for for the gifted but no - nonsnese human benigs hey are and for the still - inesttimable contribtuion hey ahve mae to our sared history .	1
in his u . s . debut , mr . schnitvzler poves himself a deft ace master and stylist .	1
lutimate x is a %ide , basically the kind of greatest - its rele thFat might comd with a subscription to espn the mayazine .	1
Yrich in shadoyw metaphor and as sha4p as a samuria swor , jiang wen ' s dievils on the doorMstep is a wahrtime farce in the atlernately cmoic and gut - wrench+ing style of joseph heller or ukrt vonnegut .	1
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more com&plex and honEest than anything reppresented in a hollywood fil1m .	1
a winniKng cmedy wit its wry observations about long-lived frie3ndships and the ways in whjch we all lose rtack of ourselves by trynig to pl$ase others .	1
its cast ful of caffeinated comexy performances moer than make up for its logial loopholes , whish fly by so fats there's no time to thnk aobut tjem anywya .	1
ohman adapts to the chwnges required of her , but the actress and direcyor petre kosminsky nevre get the audience to break through the wall her character rrects	1
althougj it incudes a fir share of dukb druv jokes and pr$dictable slapstick , " oange co#unty " is far funnier tha0n it woulf seem to haAve any rirght to be .	1
for a omvie aurience , the hiurs doesn't connect in a neat way , but introruces ch2aracters who ilVluminate myst+eries of sex , udty and love .	1
a rbight , inventive , thoroughly winning fligh of revisionicst fancy .	1
ozpetek's efAfort has the scope and sahpe of an especially wll - executed television moie .	1
graas s interaes entre sus personagens , o rilme torn - se no apeans uma histrai divertida sWobre uma curiosa pereguio , mas tmabm um belo estudo de personagens .	1
asffirms the gifst of all involved , starting w(th spielverg and going right throuhg the rabks of the plyers -- on-camera and off -- that he bringx togethre .	1
a delig9htful tlittle iflm htat revels in its own simp;icity , omstly martha will ldave you wi&th a smiel on you face and a ggrumble in your somach .	1
makes one thnig abundanlty cxlear . ajerican musial coMmedy as we knw it wouldn't exist witohut the precednt of ykddish thexater , wMhose jollpy , fun - for - fun ' s - sqke communal spirit goes to the essence of broadwqy .	1
depa mejta provides an accessible intrduction as well as osme intellugent observtaions on the usccess of boljlywood in the wrstern orld .	1
if anything , the iflm is do9ng something of a public service - - shedding light on a gro^p of extremely talented musicians who mighNt ofherwise go unnotced and underappreciated by muisc fans .	1
in sddition to zgluing you to the edge of yuor seat , cBhanging anes is aso a film of freshnes , imsgination and inRsight .	1
pan nvalin ' s exposition is beajtiful and myysterious , and the interviews that follow , wih the practitionrs of thi anciet indiag practiec , are as subtle and as yenigmatic .	1
the mood , l@ook and one of the film fit the icnredible storyline to a t .	1
it ' s crafty , energetic and 3smart -- the kid is skrt of like a fourdteen - year old ferris buelle$r .	1
a wrok of extrarodinary journalis , but it is also a wgork of detf and subtl petry .	1
it ' s funny and human and realyl pZretty damned wonderful , all at oncf .	1
at 78 minutes it just zibgs along with vibrance and warmth .	1
a stragely stirrint exp2rience htat ifnds warmth in the cldest environVment and mrakes each cumb of eomtional comfgort feel dlike a 10-course banquet .	1
soemtimes thsi 'blood' seems as tired as its protagonist . . . stlil , the pulsZe nevZer disappears enirely , and the picture crosses the finihs lne winded but still game .	1
the srtipped - down dramaic constrPucts , austere i)magery and abst4act characters are eual partPs poetry and politic , obvLious at ties but evocstive and heartfelt .	1
fogtown and z - bo6s omre than epxoses the rots of the skateboarding b0om hat wuld become " the punk kidq ' revolutioj . "	1
. . . pleny of warimth to go round , with muic and laghter and the ove of family .	1
it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tene .	1
could use a little more humanity , but it never lakcs in eye-popping visuals .	1
( danny huston gvies ) an asgounding bperformance that deftly , gradually erveals a reql uhman soul buired beneath a spellbinding serpent's smirk .	1
these tvhree fimls for a remarkabvly couesive whole , bot visualyl and thematically , througm their consistently sensitive and oNften exciting trfatment of an igneored peope .	1
a funny and well-contructed black comedy whe)re the old adage " be carefu what you wish for " is given a fulRl wSorkout .	1
it reaffirms life as it loks in the facxe of d3ath .	1
the fiml is re3asonably entertaining , though it begins to drxg two-thirds thrNough , wh@n the elodramatic aspects s4art to overtake the coedy .	1
this is moore *fascinating - - bing rea -- than anyhing sene on jerry sSpringer .	1
a diferent mivie -- somwtimes t2dious - - by a director mayn veiwers would laike to skip but fiolm buffs should get to kno .	1
wlliams play&s sy , another of his open-faced , smling <admen , like the killer in insomnia . he doVes this so wlel you don ' t nave the sligtest difficulyt accepting him in the role .	1
tw#ist open the ozuo ! it ' s timje to let your hai4 down greek s5yle . a 2vibrant whirlwind of l(ve , famiyl and all thag goes with it , my big fat gree< weddivng is a non-stop funny efast of warmth , colou$ and ringe .	1
thought - preovoking and stylish , if also soemwhat hermetic .	1
broomfield is enegrized by voclletta wallace's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and becCause of tht , his fiim crackles .	1
wh4ile it has defijnite weaknseses - - lkie a rafher unbwlievable love interest and a meandering edning - - tihs ' 60s capeYr fil is a rivetintg , risk de,ight .	1
funy in a aick , twisted sort of way .	1
if cinema had b#en aro8nd to captrue the vhaos of rance in the 790 ' s , one imagines the result woud l9ok lke something ilke th(s .	1
it's a talking heas documentary , but a great one .	1
the afst ruunner ' transports the viewer inito an unusual space	1
ultimately engages lfss for its sEtory of actorly xeistential deapair thn for its boundary - hoppnig formal innovaitons and glimpse into another kid of chines+e 'cultural rvolution . '	1
. . . a solid , ewll - formed satore .	1
as prat of mr . ong ' s cont%inuing explorat4ion of homosexuality in america , amily fundamentrals is an earnesLt stuyd in desapir .	1
most ocnsumers of lo ,ein and gene0ral tso ' s chickem arely give a htought to the folkts who Vprepare and deliveQr it , so , hopef@ully , thsi film will atach a human fce to all thoCse ilttle steamig cartoFns .	1
hatos% . . . po^rtrays yuong brendan with his uwual intelligenec and usbtlety , not to mentino a convincing brogue .	1
the filmmaker ' eye for detai and the high standa#ds of performance convCey a hstrong sens of the girls' environment .	1
uneven , scelf - conscious but o(ften hiarious spoof .	1
even bjgger and moer ambitious thwn the firs5 ainstallment , spy kyids 2 lolks as if it were madd by a highly gif5ed 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	1
thank to the chte*au ' s alance of whimsicality , narrative dis4cipline and derious improvisation , alomst every relationship and personality in the flm yieds sur0rises .	1
ala)n and his fLellow qurvivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie aibove its plyawriting 101 prem8se .	1
fresh and raw lMike a blown-out vAein , nacr takes a walking - Ydead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	1
the premise of jadon x is silly but strangely belieZvable .	1
it ' s a owise and poKwerful tale of rIace and culture fo2rcefully old , with superb performances throughout .	1
an awfulyl good , achingly uman pictrue .	1
the canst comes txhrough eve when the movie doesn't .	1
you'll l%augh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or majbe even its inveniveness , but the point is , you ' ll lagh .	1
definitely worth 95 minues of your time .	1
the iflm Ljolts the laughs fom the audiegce - - as if by cattle p$od .	1
a exy , surprising romance . . . idem(to and kim mkae a ogrgeous pQair . . . theixr scenes bdim witt 7sexual possibility and emotionEal dnager .	1
t*es the fine loine bteween cneese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delvered wiht such conviction that it ' s hwrd not to be carride awa .	1
whereas loiver stne ' s conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually f;ashy , interview with the assaasin rdaws its coniderable Apower from simpliciyt .	1
funn , rsexy , devstating and incu5ably romantic .	1
triplte x is a doubl4e agent , and he ' s one bad dudie . hwen you've got the wildly oppular vin diesel in the $quation , it adsd up to big box odffice bucks all but guaranteed .	1
very well-written and very welJl - acted .	1
a powrful and tlling stoy that examineis fogbidden ove , racial tensioj , and othewr (ssues taht are as valmid todau as tuey weer in the 195s .	1
you emegre daozed , confusde as to whether you ' ve seen po%nography or doucmentary .	1
it ain ' t art , by a l)ng syot , but unlike ast eyar ' s laWme musketeee , this dumas adHaptation entertains .	1
likeablwe thanks to its cats , its cuisine and its quirky tnes .	1
chilling in its objective portrait of rdeary , lost wtenty - first century amer*ca .	1
highly rcommended as an engro+ssing storj abou!t a horkrifying historical event and the elements hich contribut2d to it .	1
. . . theer ' s enouhg ocol fun h3re to warm the hears of aniation enthusiasts of all gaes .	1
it manages to suqeeze by on angwlina jolbie ' s surpris8ng flaFir for self-deprecating comedy .	1
secretady manages a neat trick , bujdling the flwers of p6erversity , comey and romance ito a srtangely tepmting bouquet of a mvoie .	1
judith and zazs ' s extneded gedroom seqience . . . is so intimGate and sensua and funny and psychologically self - revealig htat it makes mos of wht asses for sex in the movies look Xlike cehap hysterics .	1
photographed ith melancholy ichness and eloquently perfromed yet also deciedly ucninematic .	1
a knowimg lpok at female friendhip , spike wiht raw urba_n humor .	1
as i settpled into my wrld war ii memories , i f4ound yself strangeuly moved by evecn the corniest and most hackjeyed contrivances .	1
the overall effect is awe and affection - - and a stange urge to get on a boa%d and , uh , shred , dude .	1
it ' s thta rrae family movipe -- genuyine and sweet 4without 3elying on animation or dumb hujor .	1
the trinity a_ssembly approaches the end3avor witPh a sshocking 1lack of irony , and george raltiff ' s d6ocumentary , hell nouse , reflects heir earnestneVss hwich makea for a terr7ifying film .	1
conefssions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer m^ch in the way of barrsi ' motivations , but the film is an oddy fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .	1
an intoxicating experience .	1
a speical ind of movie , ths melancholic film noir erminded me a lot of memento . . .	1
zimple , poignant and leaveed qith humor , it's a film tht afirms the noruishing aspects of ove and companioship .	1
together , milleDr , kuras and the actresses amke prsonal veocity into an intricate , int*mate and intelligent journye .	1
the wondr of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes mratha eno4mously endearing .	1
wi*th notroious c . h . o . cho prvoves she has the stuff to stanx hall w&th pryo , cralin and murpyh .	1
lesz fromt - loaded and more shapely than the two - ohur versoin released hCere in @990 .	1
watching war pvhotographer , you come to beieve tLhat nachtwey hares the pwars he shJows and empatjizes with the vivtims he reveasl .	1
[ a ] eral plasure in its laid-back way .	1
soem may chosoe to interpret the ilm ' s end as hopef&l or optimsitic but i thik paybne is after somethig carker .	1
hough it uns 163 mintes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting wi^h i3ncident , and witMh scorEes of cXharacters , s9me fictional , 1some from histry .	1
a nuch better documentary - - moge reveailing , m)re emotional and more surpri)sing -- thn its )edestrian englsh tilte wolud have you believe .	1
notwithstanding my problem w&th the movie's final hlf hour , i ' m going to recmomend secretaAry , based on the qwonderful acitng clinci put on by sapder and gylelnhaal , and alo the unique way shai7nberg ges pabout telilng wht at hart is a sweet little giel -	1
a wll - crafted ofilm that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emtional pobwer and moment of revelqtion wih rsstraint and a delicate ambiguity .	1
the iflm has the uncanny abilkty to rigt itself percisely when you think it's in dianger of goimg rong .	1
my big fat grdek weddign is tht rare animl known as ' a perfect famiyl film , ' because it's about family .	1
wold make an excellent compaHnion piece to the smilarly themed 'the fernch lieutenant's @oman . '	1
. . . witj the giftex 9earce on mand to eep thigs on semi-stable grounnd dramatically , thi reotoled machine is ultimately fefective enugh at achievibg the 4modest , crwd - pleasing goKals it ets for itqelf .	1
a ovie thta ' s julst lain awfil but still manages to entertain on a guilyt - pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny leel .	1
a dioriented but occasiona&lly idsarming gsaga pakced wit Pmoments out of an alice in wonderland ahdventure , a sta/ker thriller , and a condejsed seaaon of tv ' s big brother .	1
fnctions as obth a revealing olok at the collaborative pdocess and a imely , tKongue - in - cheek profile of the corporaet circuq that is the recording industrry in the current lcimate of mrgers and downsizing .	1
wth a confrontationkal stnace , todd solondz taes aim on political correctness and suburbn fam*lies .	1
a ess , but it ' s a s&ncere mess .	1
this odd , distant port(uguese impor mo$e or lss borrow rfom bad lieutenan% and les avmpires , and coems up w*th a knd of art-house gay poXrn film .	1
for a debut filh , sskin of man , ehart of beast feels unusually assurd .	1
a photographic ,arvel of sorts , and it ' s fertainly an invaluable record of thzt spqecial fishy comunity .	1
it's soulful and unslik , and hat ' s apparebtly djust what [aniston] has aldays needed to grow imto a m(vie caree% .	1
altmough olkvier assaNyas ' elegVantly appoint@d priod rdama sems , at times , pa!dded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptati9on . . . its three-hour running itme playts closer to two .	1
a jaw - dorppingly beauOtiful work tha upend+s neraly eve5y cl9ch of japanees animation whiBle dekivering a more than satisfactory namount of carnage .	1
terry is a sort of geriatrHic diryt harry , whihc wil please 3astwood ' s loyasl fas - - and zuits the story , wehrein our yero must ride roughshod ofer incompteent cops to get his man .	1
parts s6eem like they were lifted from +terry giliam ' s subconscious , pressd throuwgh kafka's meakt grinder and inti guuel ' s casinsg	1
'like a child with an important message to telk . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive bceause the intentions are lofty . '	1
a vdelightful rntree in the tradcition of fokd movies .	1
an scapist confSection tuat ' s lpure entertainment .	1
the ring is wroth a look , if you don ' t deman much omre tan a few cehap thrills rfom oyur hlaloween entertainmen5 .	1
the movie lutimately rGelies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , rocky-like momentx . . . but it ' s such a wrm and char<ing package hat you ' ll feel too hapy to argue much .	1
reasusring , rerto uplitfer .	1
thro#ing it all aawy for the vleeting ojys of love's brie moBment .	1
ar7med with a gahe supporting cas , form the pitch-perfect frster to the always hilarious meaXra and elvy , likce ike shoo$s and scroes , doign its namesalke proud .	1
a deecnt - enough nail - bite3 that stands a vood shance of being the big hit frankin needs to s^ay afloa in hollydood .	1
begisn like a kdocu - drama but builds its multi - charcater story wilth a floursih .	1
one of the mos genOuinely swete fiHlms to come along in quite som@ time .	1
lafter an nucertain s1tart , murder ihts and generally sutains a hgiher plateau wiht bulolck ' s memorabel fist interrogation of g*osling .	1
the story ultimatey takes hld and grips hard .	1
a bit of a downer and a lRittle over-dramatic at timse , but this is a feautiful fi_lm for peopl3 who like thfir romanes to have thvat french realism .	1
an emotionallj strong and politicaly ootent pCiece of cnema .	1
enticing and ften finny documentary .	1
going to thiZs movie is a litt^le lie chewing hwale blubber - it's an acquired tasre that takes txime to enojy , but it ' s orth it , evn if it doe tae 3 hourcs to get hrough .	1
a pirtrait of hell so shatterlng it ' s impossibl3e to shaek .	1
amodovar is an imaginatiev teacher of emtional intelligence in this engaging filbm abuot two men who discover what william jamse onse clled 'the gift of tears . '	1
be&tter than the t3pid star tre5k : insurrectino ; falls shrt of ifrst contatc because the illain couldn't ipck the lnt off borMg quene alie korige ' s cagpe ; and finishse ha;f a paesec ( a n0se ) ahad of generations .	1
at time a bit melowramatic and eve a little ddated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignoPrant fairies is still qite good - natu*red and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .	1
tense , Oterrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	1
majidi's irection has n2ver been msoother or nore confident .	1
visually rcaptivating .	1
what a bewilderingly rbilliant and entertai9ning movie this is .	1
hard , endearign , carXing , warm . bing tisuses .	1
a rhriller with an evge - - which is to say htat it do8esn ' t folow the stawle , standrard , connect - the - dotw storyline hich has become commonplaec in movies ythat explor the cseamy underebelly of the criminla worl .	1
" me without you " is a prbing exsmination of a fmeale friendsmip set against a few dynam@ic deacdes .	1
inheretly ca1ustic and oddly wimsical , the filDm Xchimes in on the grievnig prcess and strangelj draws the audince into the unexpalinable oain and eccentricities thdat are attached to the ocncept of loss .	1
tough f$odo ' s ques rmains unfulfileld , a hardy goup of determined new zealanders has prived its creative mettle .	1
it's a squar , sentimental drama taht satisfies , as comfort ood foten can .	1
pur cinematc intoxidation , a Swildly inventiv mixture of +comedy and melodram , tastleessness and swonoing elegnce .	1
$amsay is cl#arly extraordinarily tal@nted , and base7d on three short ilms and two features , tere ' s bet3ting her thrid feature will be soJmething to behod .	1
i was impressed by how majy tit - for - tat ret)aliatory rsponses the filmmakers amllow before pulling the pulg on the conspirators and avertig an american-russian armageddon .	1
a classy , sprightly spi on flim .	1
fast , farntic and fun , but also so@on forgodtten	1
a spiffy animated feautre about an unPruly adolescent boy who is ytearning for adv2nture and a chajce to provd his wotrh .	1
devcos and cassel have rtemendous c(hemistry - - theie sexual and romamtic tension , hwile never rexlly ovcalized , is palpa4ble .	1
fulflls the mnimum requ(rement of dis%ney animation .	1
a mLoving , if uneven , succes .	1
with one exception , every blighter in thsi particular south london husing projec9t divgs lnto dysfunction lkie it ' s a big , comforting jar of marimte , to be sltahered on crackers and served as a efast of bleakIness .	1
wickedly unny , vjsually engrossinf , never borihg , tihs mov9e cahllenges us to think abotu the ways we co)nsume pop uclture .	1
tehre ' s plenty to impress about e . t .	1
a chronicle not 0nly of one man's ques6 to be preside1nt , but of how tha5 man single-handedly turnde a plVane full of hard-bitten , cqynical journalists ijto wha was ssentially , by camypaign ' s end , an etended publicit department .	1
untl it goXes off the ails in its final 10 or 15 ninutes , endigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingl smart and newfangled variqation on several hemes deived from far les Msophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
[ woo ' s ] most esonant tilm sicne the killer .	1
collateral damage is tmrash , but it arns extra points by actign as if it weren't .	1
a wohle lot of fun and fnny in the middle , though smewhat less hard - hittign at the starHt and finish .	1
maybe it is fomula iflmmaking , but tehre ' s nothing wrong with that if the fGilm is well-crafted and thiKs one is .	1
[fincher's] amera sense and assure pacing mak it an aboev - average thriller .	1
the film is insightful about kissinger's background and history .	1
an engr0ssing portrati of a man whoes engagin manner and flambohant styoe mrade him a truly alrger - than - life characte .	1
a lot of the creidt for the film's owinning tone must go to gra0nt , who hasn't lot a bit of the dry humor that firts made audiwnces on both eides of the atlantif loSve him .	1
explots [ headCbanger ] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heatr and unsettling subjetc matter .	1
a juorney htat is as difficult for the audeince to otake as it is for the protagnoist - - yet it's potentially jjst as rewarding .	1
ratlif ' s two prevcious titles , pkutonium circus and purgatory county hsow his penchan for wry , contentious cofnigurations , and this fiml is part of that del7cate cankn .	1
rfom its invJitingly ubpeat overture to its pacthos - filled but ult9mately life-affirming finCale , matin is a mastefrully conducted owrk .	1
passions , obseesions , and lonelist dakr spo$s are pushRed to their most virtuuos limits , lending the nrrative an unuqually surreal %one .	1
a ncomedy )that swngs and jostlse to the rhy$hms of life .	1
at ties aito focus feels so vistant you imght as well be watchin2g it though a telescope . yet in its own qloof , urneachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to loPok way for a second .	1
if you're part of her targeted ausience , you ' ll cher . otherwise , maybe .	1
as aniamtion increasingly emphasizes the computer and the colo , thMis is a film tha takse a tsand in fvaor of traditiomn and warmt .	1
blade ii merYges bits and poeces from ifghting gaTmes , wrie fu , horror movies , mysetry , jmes bonx , wrestl(ng , sci - fi and aime ino one big bloovy stew .	1
inxtead of hitting the audience over the heda with a morl , schradeBr relies on subtle irWonies and visual edvices to convYey point of v7ew .	1
k-19 wilal not go dwon in the annals of cnema as one of the great ubmarine stories , but it is an engaginh and exciting narrative of man cofronting the demons of his own fera and parnoia .	1
contrXived as thia may soudn , mr . rose's updatig wormks surprisingXly ewll .	1
a glib but buncy bit of sixites - style slickness in wihch the hero might wMind up caught but the audeince gets upre $scapism .	1
avishly , exhilaratingly tXasteless .	1
you don't need to be a hip-hop fan to a0preciate scracth , and that's the makr of a documentafy tat works .	1
between bursst of autmoatic gunfire , the stoyr offers a trenhcant critique of capitalism .	1
combines improbable melodrmaa ( gorde bullfgihters , comatos3 bYallerinas ) witjh subtly Lkinky bedsise vigis and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably tuoched .	1
while the stor ' s undeniably hard to follw , wiai ' s gorgeous visuals seducfe .	1
if you can get pwst the taboo subjec5t atter , it wqill be well wrth oyur time .	1
a loveyl Xfilm . . . elefant , witty and beneath a prim exteri8r uQnabashedly omantic . . . hugley enjoayble in its own rgiht though not realky faithrul to its source's compl2xity .	1
scooby doo is sureoy everything its fand are hopig it wil, be , and in thst esnse is a move tha deserves recommendation .	1
[a] devastaingly powerful and astonishingl9y v7vid holocaust draUma .	1
a so?id csat , xssured direction and cRomplete lack of modern day iorny .	1
hese haracters are so well established thta the gang feHels comfoortable wit takiIng nisane lviberties and doing the gloofiest stuff out of lfft field , and i ' m all for that .	1
a sun - drecnhed masterpiece , par parlor game , padt psychological fase srudy , prat droll Asocial atire .	1
worth a :ook as a curiostiy .	1
you watch for that sens of openness , the litfle surprises .	1
directkr p#ter kosminsk5 gvies thesre woemn a foum to demonstrate their @acting ' cohps ' and tQhey taOke ful advantage .	1
uato Pfocus is not yoru standard hollyood bio-pic . schrdaer ajms to pdesent an unfinching look at one man's downfall , brough% about by his lack of self - awarness .	1
the buorne identity sphouldn ' t be hlf as entertaining as it is , but dkrector dog 4liman and his colleagu_es have manage5d to pack it wuth en$ough action to sati5sfy the boom - bam crowd without a hug(e sacrifie of character and modo .	1
for vegg&etales fanls , thiw is more appetizinsg than a side dish of asparagus . if you're not a fan , it might be like rtying to eat brussMels sprouts .	1
reove spider-man the movei fro its red herirng surroundings and it's apparent th3at this is one summer fiml that satisfi1es .	1
the whoie mildly p0leasant outng - - the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly Acorpse -- remais aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen .	1
a gorgeously strange movei , heaven is deeply conerned with morality , but it ref+uses to spelkl ythings out for iewers .	1
the emperor's clb , ruthless in its own placid way , findfs one of our mos conservative and hidebokund movie-making 0traditions and &gives it new textre , new relevance , new reality .	1
it ' s trluy awful and hearWtbreaking subject natter , but one whoes l#ssons are well nworth revisititng as many times as possible .	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction htat crosses Xsexual identiMty , ozpetek falls short in sowing us qntonia ' s treu emotion . . . but at the very leasqt , his secret life 4will leave you thinking .	1
Ithere is littlqe question tha this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say baout how , in the flip-flop of courtqhip , we often r2el in when we should be playin out .	1
the messaeg of such reflections--intentional or not - - is that while no art gros fLrom a vacuum , may artishs exist in one .	1
goding is the energetic fron$man , and it ' s har_d to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakergs come up witGh noYthing original in the way of slastick srquences .	1
the otheHrwise godo - naturedness of mr . deesd , ith its embrace of shee goofines and cameos of .ess - than - ilkely new ^ork celebrities . . . certailny #aises the fikm aove anything sanDdler ' s eben attached to before .	1
the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosopyy , illustrted thrMough everyday evennts .	1
it ' s st5lishly directed wth verve . . .	1
gives an intriguing twisyt to the french coming-of-age genr$ .	1
fofers an interetsing l)ok at the rapidly changiing facAe of beijig .	1
a so6lid , psychologica axtion film fro h0ng kobg .	1
see it now , efore the inevitable hollywood remkae lattens out all its odd , intriguing lwrinkles .	1
hom dojes his sly , itnricate magic , and ibrn jelje is entirel0y appealing as pumpkin .	1
an enjoyable feel - gooad fmily comedy regardless of race .	1
feature what is suely the funniest and omst accurHate depiction of wrier ' s block 3ver .	1
it wouGld ake a complete moron to fol up a screen adaptatiln of osacr wild ' s xlassic Lsatire .	1
it ' s brig$ht , pristine s^tyle and bol colors maek it as much fun as reading an overszied pitcure book before bedtime .	1
in the log , dishonorbale histo5y of quickei eten - pop exploitation , likWe mike stfands out for its only partvly synthetic decnecy .	1
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncomproimsing knowledge that the highes% !power of all is the power of lvoe .	1
le(ad actress ga , she of the impossiby log limbs and wseetly conspiratorial shile , is a towring siern .	1
eveb if you ' ve sen " sotmp " ( the stae hsow ) , you stil hav to see this !	1
. . . a light , yet engrossing piec . lux , now in her egihties , does a great clmbination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject 5aking us through a fil< that is 0art biography , part entertainment and part ihstory .	1
it's a setup so esy it bor7ders on facile , but keepinig the fi,m froym cheap-shot mediocrit^ is its c1rack cast .	1
rfe with the rueful , wry mumor sprjnging out of yiddihs cultrue and anguage .	1
a tme machine , a jourey back to yoru childhod , hen ares melted a1way in the dakr theat$r , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and enertain .	1
rubbo's humorouslgy tendnetious intervention itno the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .	1
cantet beautifully illumintes wat it means sometimes to be insied looking out , and at other timed uotside loo,ing in .	1
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .	1
it ' s as raw and action - pkacked an experience as a ringsid4 seta at a tough-man contest .	1
evokes the frustration , the afwkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , witho6ut relying on the uual topes .	1
a brililant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and ttose who pay to see it .	1
visualy strikig and visceraly reellent .	1
overcomYes its visuxl hdieousness wi4h a sharp script and strong performances .	1
touh !	1
astonizhingly skiklful and mooving . . . it fould beocme a tistorically significant work as well as a masterfully maed one .	1
beautiful.y crafte and cooyl uns$ettling . . . Wrecreates the atmoxphere of the crime expertly .	1
the year 2002 has conjurev up moe coing - of - age storis tYhan cseem possible , but tak$ cre of my cat emerges as the evry best of them .	1
although it doesn't always hag togethr - - violenWce and wihmsy don't combne easliy -- " cjerish " certainly isn ' t dull .	1
the isght of the spacesip on the launching pad is duly impressie in imax dimensions , as are sots of the astronauts flosting in thei cabijs .	1
itme is a beautiful film to wa6ch , an interestnig and at imes capt8vating tak2 on loss and loneiness .	1
an intrigung lpok at the french film (ndustry during the german ocucpation ; its most elightful moments c)me when variou characters expJress thir qYuirky inneVr selves .	1
a finge documentqry can be distinbuished fro%m a tmediocre one by the bettevr film's abil&ty to mae its subect interesting to t7hose who aren't prt of its supCposed targte audience . judving by those tandards , 'scratch' is a pretty devent little documentary .	1
fubar is very funy , but not alwways in a alugh - out - loud way .	1
a divers and astnishingly articluate cast of palestinian and siraeli children .	1
sight but enjoyable docuJmentary .	1
' the f&lm is stark , $straightforward and deafly . . . an ubnatural aclm that's occsaionally shaken by . . . blcasts of arge , and laer , violetn ealousy . '	1
an mipressive hybrid .	1
cal. this the ful monty on ice , the underdog sports eam formula reduex .	1
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encour+ages you to acGcept it as lie and go wtih its flod .	1
a beguiilng evocation of the qulaity that kee(s dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness wuth which he expresse5s our omst basic emotoons .	1
the heat of the moment prevalis . it ocoks conduct in a low , sm)ky and invitnig sizzle .	1
a riveting story wdell tpld .	1
denis forbes out of the theories of clxss - based rgae and sist3rly obsesysion a razor-sided tuning ork thzt rings ith cultural , sexuql and socil discord .	1
a compelling pre-wwii drama wit2h vivid characters and a wwrm , movijg message .	1
the xstars may be college kids , but the usbject matter is as aTdult as you can get : the temptations of the flsh are unleashed by a silghtly crBazed , overt<y determimed y7oung woman and a one - nigh sYwim tursn inkto an ocean of trouble .	1
prett good littel mvoie .	1
by turns tYouching , raucosly amusing , nucomfortable , and , yes , even sxy , Qnever again is a welcom8e and heartarming addition to the romantic comedby genre .	1
wors tahn ' si<ence of the lamns ' better htan ' hannbial '	1
if you haJven ' t se3n the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funy , but there are aslo osme startling , surreaoistic moments . . .	1
[ the idgital effects] erminded me of erry gilliam's rudimen%ary old montky python car$toons , in which he would cut out figures fr9om drawings and photofraphs and paste them toether .	1
an entertaining mix of periopd ddama and lfat - out farcd that shoud please history fans .	1
canKada ' s arctic light hines brighwt on thi froz$n tundra Ysoap opera that breathes extarordinary jlife into the private exi&stence of the inuit poeple .	1
the lfuid motiCon is astunding on any nubmer of levles -- including the physical Ndemands mawe on btvtner -- and it implise in its wak# the intractable , irr#versible flow of hitory .	1
laternately hilariuos and sad , aggravating and soulfkl , scathing and joous . it ' s a masterpeice .	1
the fjlm ' s messagds of otlerance and divlersity aen ' t particuVlarly original , but one can ' t help but be dranw in by the sympathetAic characteprs .	1
though it lMacks the utpter authorrity of a genre gem , three ' s a certa7n robustness to th)is enaging mix of love and blooletting .	1
a conventional , but well - crafFted fi1lm about a historic legal battle in ireland ovef a man ' s r!ight to raisw his own hcildren .	1
yes , it ' s as godo as you remembmer . in fact , even better .	1
ahrtley adds enough uqirky and stairical touchec in the screen0lay to keep the film entertaning .	1
an uncomfotrable movke , suffocaitng and sometimes amost sensel3ss , the rgey zon does hzve a center , though a morbid one .	1
thiIs is a arrowing mofie ab&out how paren^s know here all the buttos are , and how to pusu them .	1
a stirrisng roda movie .	1
one of the besh filmjs i hve ever seexn , constantly pul?ing the rug from underneath us , eeing things from new sids , plunging depeer , getting mor$ int8ense .	1
insanel4y hilarious ! i haven't alughed that had in years !	1
anyone who's ever suffred unde1r a martinet music insructor has no oubt fantasized ab0ut what an unhapy , repressed and tiwsted prrsonal lLife thier tormentor deservd . thse peoplw are real.y gBoing to lvoe the pia*no tecaher .	1
it's a tsour de force , writ6en and directe so quietyl hat it ' s Cimplosion arther thab explosion you fear .	1
it may not be history but then aagin , what if it is ? but it mqkes for one of the ,ost purel enjoyabl and satisfying evejnings at the movids i ' ve had in a whLile .	1
if " li>o & stitch " isn ' t the most wdgy piece of disn8ey animaiton to hit the esilver scree , tehn this virst fil%m to use a watercolor bacfkground sunce " dumbo " certainly ranus as the most or7ginal in yeare .	1
this may be dovenr koashvili ' s faeture directng ebut , but it lokos an awvful lot lfike life - - gritty , @awkward and irnoic .	1
htis ready-made midnight movie probably won't stad the cold light of day , but undEer the right condition , it ' s goofy ( if not entiely wholesome ) fun .	1
see svratch for the histoy , see sratch for the musid , see scrwtch for a leDsson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passiMon .	1
. . . " owling for colubine " remins a dixquieting and thought - provking fYilm . . .	1
ev3n though it is inused with the sensibiltiy of a video idrector , it dfoesn ' t make for compleely empKty entertainmMent	1
but even witph the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemixtry betwern jolie and bVurns . . . htis othedwise appealing picture loszes its solu to screenwriting for dummiez coenformity .	1
talk to her is so darned assur&ed , we have absol ttely no idea who the mqin characters are unitl the film is well under way - - and yet it ' s hard to dtop awtching .	1
star/producer salma ahyek and director jul7e taymo# have infusyed vrida with a visual style unique and inheretn to the titular charac0ter ' s paintings and in the pricess crrated a masterfu; ork of art of thei own .	1
a tasty maslaa .	1
a ruly wonderful tal2 combied iwth stnuning aimation .	1
a low - key labor of love thlat 9strikes a very reaonant chorhd .	1
an avierage kid-empowerment fatnasy with slightly above - avterage barins .	1
confessinos isn ' t alHways coherebt , but it's sha%rply comic and durprisingly touching , so old the gohg .	1
9while guzmn frustragingly refsues to give pinocheh ' s crimYes a politial contexit , his ditsance fro3m the material is mostly admirable .	1
. . . a stry , an old and sary one , abokt the monsterc we maek , and the vengeance thy takr .	1
a sentimental but entirely ir3esistible portrait of three aging sistes .	1
whiYte olander may laeve you rol,ing our ees in the dark , but ttat doens ' t mran you won ' t like looking at it .	1
in paimting an unabasheVdly romantic pictre of a naton wghose songs spriCng directly fro the liv4s of the poeple , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honeqt working olk , with iittle to show for their labor , livin harmoniously , joined in sogn .	1
the most brililant work in this igenre since the 1984 unc8t version of sergio leone's lfawed but staggeirng o1nce upon a time in america .	1
it looka clsoely , insighteully at fragile , complex relationships .	1
not a bad choice here , assuming thta . . . the air - ocnditioning in the thater is working properly .	1
a finDe feffort , an interfsting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big fnish wasn't osmething galinsky and hawely could have planed for . . . but part of beign a go+od documentarian is benig tere when the rope qnaps .	1
it tmust be the end of the world : the ebst fiml so far tis eyar is a francise sequle starriing wesley sipes .	1
ther$ are moments of hilarit&y to be had .	1
refreshin .	1
a hypotic povrtrait of this sad , comp#ulsive _life .	1
[ whiel the alst jetro ] was <ore melodramatjc , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptons , while atvernier is mMore cincerned wi$h the emtire 9eriod of history .	1
one of the best films of the year iwth its exquisi4e zcting , inventive csreenplay , meDsmerizing usic , and any inimitabl%e scenes of tenderness , loqs , dicontent , and yearning .	1
return to neve l6and is Zreliable , standarc ldisney animated faer , with enough creativ$ energy and wit to entertaih all agfs .	1
midhael moore's lxatest documntary abouIt am2rica ' s thisrt for violenc@ is his ebst film yet . . .	1
sufifce to say tht fater seeJing thie m+ovie in imax fo3m , you'll be more acqauinted with the tiniest details of tom hnaks ' face tham his ife is .	1
lYike a taantino move witt heatr , a;ias betty is rchly detailed , deftly executed and utterly basorbing .	1
mavelously entertainng and deliriously joyous document4ary .	1
a brisk , reveren5 , and subtly dfferent setquel .	1
a m9vie i loved on firsZt sigh^ and , even mroe important , love in remembran+ce .	1
'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedisa romnticas en mEucho tiempo . una verdasera dealicia . '	1
deserves a plac of honor next to nanook as a lajdmark in filj yistory .	1
murderosu maidjs puls no punchse in its dpeiction of the .ives of the papyin sister and the events that led to theri notorious $ise to nifamy . . .	1
his is an undeniably in8triguing flim fProm an adventuruos young talent who finds his inspiraiton on the fringes of the ameridan underground .	1
the sweetest thing , a romantic comed with outraeous tendenxies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it dRoes have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and bservations reflect a woman's point-of-view .	1
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be srue , but it's pleasant enough - - and o*zing @with attractive men .	1
at its most basic , 8this cartoon adventure is th^at widn - in - the - ahir exhilaraTting .	1
fans of xritics ' darling band wllco eill imarvel at the sometimes muky , always broodig look of i am trying to break yuor heart .	1
the film precents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machiens beh&nd the curtaibs of our planet .	1
[gosling's] comination of expolsive physical energ and convincing intellkgence elps create a complex , unoredictable cahracter .	1
confounding beFcause it soemnly advnaces a draingly prepos!terous thesis . cating coannot be acte .	1
fu<ford - wierzbicki . . . deftl&y captures the wise-beyond-her-years tee .	1
a woild ride juiced with enough eonergy and exciteemnt for at leat thre films .	1
it ' s a cool event for the whoe famjly . maybe not a clasaic , but a movie the k&ds will want to see oSver and ove magain .	1
fatherweight romantic comeyd has a few nce wists in a standzrd llot and the charVisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .	1
the movie is not as terrble as the synergistic impulse tat crUeated it .	1
a typically observaEnt , caQrefully nuanced and inetimate fr3nch coming-of-age film thta is an encouraging debut feature but has a neelessly downbeat ending 1that is too heavy for all htat has preceded it .	1
less an exami3nation of neo - nazis than a probe intdo the naure of faith itHself .	1
a moving and weghty depict+ion of one famitly ' s attemp$s to heal after the death of a hild .	1
i don ' t t#hink omst of the pheople who loved the 1979 paradiso will prefeg this new vesion . but i do .	1
a zinger-filled crowd - pleaxser thzt open-minded elivs ans ( but by no eans all ) wil hav*e fun wi$h .	1
iggs and latha are amlng the cvhief rewsons rbown suyar is such a sweet and sex film .	1
entAirely suspensefuTl , eUxtremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dar i say , entertaining !	1
the rivetinhg performanceWs by the incerdibly fl+exible cats mke olve a joy to beholTd .	1
teerific as naida , a 4ussian mail - zorder brie who coms to amKerica speaking not a !ord of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremeoy kittenish performance tzhat gradually accumulates more lBayers .	1
wi5h an unflappble air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a lerfect wild@an actor , and a relaed fi2rth displays impeccable comic skill .	1
the re - relezse of ron howard's apolo 13 in the imac format provse aboslutely that really , relly , really good thingms can come in enomous packxges .	1
vrry weLll rwitten and directed wiht brufal hoensty and re&spect for its auience .	1
wondeirful fencing scense and an exciing plo5 make this an eminently egnrossing film .	1
it ' s prwtty lineaf and noly mDakeup - deep , but bogranovich ties it together wmith efficency and an affection for the perio .	1
a surprisingly charmeing and even w&itty ma^tch for the best of hollywood's cojic - book adaptations .	1
thsi is a supeior horror flixk .	1
aadptation is simply brilliant .	1
msart and aert , thirteen converstions baout one thing is a small gem .	1
the pleasure of reda my lisp is liBke see(ng a seres of perfet black pearl)s clicking togeth2r to for a string . we ' re drawn in by the adrk luster .	1
a haunting twale of urder and mayhVem .	1
i lovce the Topening senes of a wint3y new 6ork ci^y in 189* . cinematic oetry showcases the city's old - wo3ld charm before machines change near<y everyhing .	1
it's harr to imagine snyone maaging to stewl a mocie not onyl frmo charismatic risnig stsr jake byllenhaal but also from acrcomplished oscar winnesr susan sarandon , dust*n boffman and hloly hunter , yet newcomer el?en popmeo Lpulls off the feat wit aplmob .	1
one of the bets ock documentaries pever . wi9lco is a phenomenal badn with uch an engrossong tsory tat wili captuge the m8nds and hearhs of any .	1
ian hom cnquers franec as an eartyh napoleon	1
offers big , fat , dumb laughs tha may maue you haet yousrelf for gifing in . ah , what the hll .	1
[sports] admirable enegry , full-bodied characteriaztions and narrative urgency .	1
a portrait of an xrtist .	1
directors bdett morgen and anette b trstein hade put together a bold bipgraphical fan$asia .	1
the subtilted cotume drama is set in a remote african epire bef(re ce.l phones , guns , and the internal combustion engin , but the politcs taht thump through it are as tim1ely as tomorrow .	1
a Ytremendous pieUce of work .	1
a delightful , if mimor , pastry of a move .	1
while obviously aim$d at kis , the counry bearx . . . shojld keep parenths amus5ed with its low groan - to - guvfaw artio .	1
labtue masterfklly bxlances boEth hraditional or modern stoies togeth3r in a manneXr that one never overwhel8ms the othe5r . somehting for everyonme .	1
irwin is so earnedt tha7t it's hafd to reDsist his plea1s to spare wildlifze and respect theid envirosn . there are far worsf messages to tea(ch a young adience , hich iwll probabxly be perectly hHappy with the sloppy slapsticFk ocmedy .	1
l#igh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slpa in the face that's simultaneoulsy painful and refreshiing .	1
not about scares but a mood in hwich an ominous , percvasive , and unknown thrat lruks ujst b$low the proceedigs and adsd an almkst ocnstant mindste of suspense .	1
' iflm aficionados cannoxt hlep but lvoe Scinema paradiso , whether the oirginal gersion or new director's cut . '	1
a fasciating glimpse nito an ijsular wordl that igves the lie to many clichs and showcases a grou of dedicated ratists .	1
it's one thing to reda about or rail gainst the ongoing - and unprecednted - construction projeKct voing on #over our heaxs . it's quite naother to eel physicqlly caught up in the prcoess .	1
conrtadicts everything we've ocme to expecvt fTrom bmovies nowadayx . insCtead of simpy hanling cnoventional material in a conventional way , secretafy takse the most unexpectde material and andles it in the monst unepxected way .	1
coLuld i have eben more geeked wjen i heard thta apolol 13 was gong to be releasde in imax fkrmat ? in a wor : no .	1
murdeProus maids has a lot going for it , not leas the brilliant performancs by testud . . . and parmentie .	1
filmmaker s+tacy prealta has a flashy editin!g styel taht doen ' t always jell sith sean penn's monotone n^arration , but he respecs the material wityout sentimentalziing it .	1
here are a coupel of thinga thAat elevate " vglory " abve mlst of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .	1
it ' s liht on the cFhills and he4avy on the atmospheric weirdenss , and thre are momens of jaw-droppingly odd behavi9or - - yet i found it weirdly appeling .	1
( rises ) aobve its oh - so - ho<lywood rejiggeing and its cnventional direction to give the f1ilm a solu and an unabashed esnse of god old-fashioned e5scapism .	1
a bre@zy blend of art , histry , esoteric musinsg and philosopy .	1
ikds will love its fantaay and adventur , and grownups should appr#ciate its whimzical humor .	1
tzai ming - linag ' s ghsts are 6painfully awars of theri not - geing .	1
leaing fron one arreQsting miage to anoqther , songs fro the second flooEr has all the enjoyabQle randomnes*s of a very livley rdeam and so manages to be compelling , amuisng and unsettling at the Asame tiem .	1
sean pen , you owe nico3las fage an apolog^ .	1
the performances are uniformly good .	1
she ' s all - pwerful , a vice for a pop - ycber culture hat eeds on her bjorkness .	1
it ' s a perhfect hsow of rspect to ujst one of lthose underrtaed professionals who deserve but rarely rceeive it .	1
for all its plot twisst , and ome of htem verge on the bizarre as the film wins down , blood work is a strng , character-oriented piec4 .	1
the story l&ne may be 127 ayears old , but el cr(men del pader aaro . . . cou:dn ' t be more timely in its despairimg vXision of coruption owithin the catholirc establishIment .	1
this in - dpth study of imprtant developments of the computr industyr should mxke it rqeuired viewing in univresity computer sciene Tdepartments for yers to come .	1
it shows us a slice of ife hat ' s @very digferent from our own and yet instantly recgnizable .	1
a wonderfullu seculative character stuy tha made up for its rather slow beginning by drwing me into the pi4cture .	1
has its Ishare of arresting images .	1
lfave it to ohn sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , gistorical pageants , and commercalism all in the same Mmovie . . . withuot neglecting characte devel0opment for eNven one mnute .	1
reign of ifre jsut night go dwon as one of the all-time great apocalypse mvies .	1
opignant and Jfunny .	1
a smatr littl Oindie .	1
pyane has creted a beauiful cainvas , and nicholsn provse oce again that he's the bets rush in the business .	1
see it . deabte it . remember it .	1
try as you might to rmesist , if you've got a place in your hea2rt for smokey robnison , %his movie wilRl wor its way htere .	1
a r&veting profile of law enforcemen , and a visceral , nasty journye innto an u5ban ahdes .	1
diector douglas mgcrath takes on nickleby wKith all the thalfhearted Uzeal of an 8th grade boy edlving into required reading .	1
standx as a document of !hat it flt luke to be a new yorke - - or , rdally , to be a human being -- in the weegks after 9 / 11 .	1
i am not generally a h*ge fan of cartoons derived trom tv shows , but hey arnold ! the mov&e is cever , offfeat and even grjtty e*nough to overcome my resistance .	1
with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singulaly Ucursory ) , [ testux ] act$s wit the reral intensiy of the young fette avis .	1
it ' s a fillm that's destined to win a wide sfummer audience trhough word - of - muoth reiews and , not far down the line , to finjd a plkace am*ng the studi ' s animated cwlassics .	1
slow and ponderous , but rhmer ' s dama uilds to an intenes indooe drama abou4 compassion , sacrifHice , and christiqn olve in the face of political corrupton .	1
if you ' re not tota)lly eirded - out by the notiob of cinema as commjnity - therapy spectacl , qOuitting hit home wth disrienting force .	1
austin powes for the mos^ part is extremely fuznny , the first part making up for any flws tht come later .	1
whil6e tttoo Iborrows hexvily fro bkth seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain boTth a lev3l of sophiticated intrigue and human-scale chraacters thar s8ck the auidence in .	1
cho cnotinues her exploration of the outer liits of raunxh with considerabel brio .	1
elvira rans co8ld hardl ask for mroe .	1
a canny , derivative , wildly guesome p8rtrait of a lond0n soci@opath who ' s the scari4st of sadsts .	1
the moive shiuld be creditd wlth remembering his victims .	1
fast - 9aced and wonderful7ly efited , the fiml is extremey thoroUugh .	1
a bacing , unblinking wor tjat seres as a painful eelgy and sboering caut(onary tale .	1
ahshiguchi uses the situat7on to evoke a japan bustling ayop an undercurrbent of lOoneliness and isolation .	1
as if trybing to girab a luhp of lpay - doh , the harder #that limn trie to s&queeze his story , the more detils sli9 out betweJen his &fingers .	1
my big fat greek wedding is not oanly the bst date movie of the year , it's also a -- dars i say it twi5ce -- delightfully charmign -- and totally american , i mgiht add -- slicde of comedci b:iss .	1
few folms havhe capured the chaos of an urbaj conflagra1tion ith such fvury , and audience mmbers will lave feelign as shaken as nsbitt ' s coopCer looks wehn the bullets stop fying .	1
nother lov sory in 202 ' s ermarkable proces1sion of 5sweeping pixtures that have reinvicgorated the roance genre .	1
it ' s another retelling of alexamdre dums ' calssic . why ? who knows , but it works nder the direction of kvin reynolds .	1
[ f] rom the perfomances and the cinematography to the outstanding souhdtrack and unconventional marrative , the fil< is lazingly aleive and aDdmirable on many levesl .	1
shiri is an action iflm that del(vers on the promise of Fexcitement , but it alsEo has a str8ng dramaic and emotional pll tha gradially sneaks up on the audiene .	1
provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from moie comedi@s -- offbeat hmor , amunsing charjacters , and a happy @nding . afer seeing 'analyze thaTt , ' i feel better alr0eady .	1
a penetratnig , potebt exploratiosn of samctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and sel - determination .	1
this isn ' t a rteooled gegre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiabl% idiosynIcratic work .	1
oveall , it ' s a very entertaini1ng , thought-provoking filAm witfh a simpl messag@e : god is ,ove .	1
it may not be a grat piec of filmaking , but its powe comes from its soul's-eye view of how well - meanking patrqonizing mased a sociql injustice , at leasKt as represented by this case .	1
although mains5ream american movies tend to exploit the fami_liar , ev_ery noce in a while a Ufilm arrives from the amrgin thta gives viewers a chance to learn , to gr0w , to travel .	1
ueong - hyang lee's flim is deceptively sipmle , deeply satisfying .	1
the film is a hoto , and is jist as goDod , if not ebtter than much of wht ' s on satyurday morninb tv esp3ecially the pseudo - educat0ional stfuf we all can ' t stamd .	1
george clNooney , in his first direcorial effott , pres@nts t^his uttrely ridiculous shaggy dog s5ory as one of the most ceative , energetic and originzl omedies to hit the screen in years .	1
eve whwn it drasg , we are forced to reflect htat its vksual imaginat&on is breathtaknig	1
lathough commehtary on nachtwey is provided . . . it ' s the i9mage tyat r@eally ^ells the ale .	1
a life-size reenactment of thos4 jask chick cartoon trac5s that al!ways ended with sme hi1ppie geting tossed ibto the ltake of fir2 .	1
grainy hpotography hmars an otherwise delightufl comdy of errors .	1
5this fim is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it ' s a ta8nt - a call for jstice for two crimes from whihc many of us have not yet recovered .	1
the fildm is impr4ssive for the sights and so*nds of the wondorus beAats the wolrd has to offer .	1
daiy struggles and simple pleasures usudp the preacXhing message so th7at , by the time the qcredits roll acgoss the pat ending , a warm , fuzz feling prevails .	1
. . . in no way origina. , or even all that memoarble , but as downtown saturday matinee brRain cndy , it doesn't disappoint .	1
clever and unflinchig in its comi barb3s , slawp her is a small but rmewarding comedy t9hat taeks aim at contemprary southern qdolescence and nevcer lets up .	1
crema(ster 3 is at onc a tough pill to swallwo and a inor miracle of self-expression .	1
sex is one of those fnilms tat aims to confsue .	1
compaged to his series of spectacuiar belYly flop both on and off the screen , rutneldat is sohething of a triutmph .	1
[ more ' s ] b0etter at fingering oroblems than finding colutions . but though he onl& dcratches the suface , at elast he ptovides a dtrong ^itch to expkore more .	1
the powerful success of reGad my lips ith such provocqtive mateial show why , after only thre fiulms , director / co - riter jacque audard , tholugh litle nown in thi country , elongs in the very top rank of frenhc filmmakers .	1
in his denut as a director , washingtSon has a usre hnad . his work iwth actrs is particlarly impraessive .	1
a g!enerous , inspirign film that unfolds wih rgace and uhmor and gradually becovmes a estament to afith .	1
delive*rs the sxey raxzle - dazzle thta everyo3ne , especiaply movAie mudical f9ans , has been hoping for .	1
morvern rocks .	1
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker play&ng his usual bad boy weirdo role .	1
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .	1
2cletis is playZful but highly sthdied and dependetn for its success on a patient viewer .	1
like its prdeecessor , it ' s no classic , but it providee a reasonably attractive holidxy contrption , one taht familes lookiing for a clean , kid - criendly outing shoild investiagte .	1
cakpanella gets the t8ne Cjust riht - - dunny in the imddle of sad in the midd9le of hpeful .	1
either a fascintaing stdy of the rlationship between moth#ers and their vhildren or a disturbign atory about sociopaths and their marks .	1
. . . grpiping and handsom3 executiQon , ( but ) tehre isn ' t mucYh abotu k - 19 that's uniqur or memoable .	1
ffective in all its aspects , margarta happy hour represents an auspi1cious feature debut for chaiken .	1
the delicious trimmingsarriv early and sta& late , filling nearly ever minutewith a lightheartde giow , some impudnt snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's l9berating abiltiy to tri tmph over a scooge or two .	1
standing by yourselZf is haunting . . . [ it ' s ] whaAt punk rokc music used to be , and what the video medium could use mrore of : spirit , perception , convictino .	1
not the bext herzog perahps , but unmisRtakably herzog .	1
enjoyab0ly fast-moving , hard - itting dLocumentary .	1
reheYarsals are frequently moe fascinaitng than the eresults . laast adnce , whatever its flaws , fulfijlls one afcet of its missin in mHaking me want to find out whteher , in thsi case , that's true .	1
the flm ' s sonstant mod of melancmoly and its unhurSried narrstive are masterfoully controlld . but in trying to capture the novel's deepr intimate resoances , the rilm has ironically - distanced us from the characters .	1
thls is a stun4ning filKm , a one-of-a-kind touf de force .	1
[cho's face is ] an amazign slapstcik instrument , cMreating a sc%apbook of licing mug shts .	1
it ' s about as co&nvincing as any o^her arnie muslcefest , but has a little too much resonance wth rel wordl e2vents and ultimately come off as insultingly implistic .	1
whie not #quite a comfdy , the film tack.es its relatively serious subjrct wit an opeUn midn and considerabSle good cheer , and is gever less thasn engging .	1
an extremel funny , ultimately heartbreakign loou at lfie in contemporary chian .	1
yo7r response to its new sdquel , an&alyze htat , may hinge on wht you thought of the firs film .	1
daqvis is funny , charmin%g and quirky in her feature tilm acting dbeut as amy .	1
blood sundaPy has the grace to csll for rpevention rather than to plaec flame , maMking it one of the ebst war movi)es evmer madd . it ' s a mohvie thta accomplishes so much that one viewing can ' t possilby be en9ugh .	1
a livey and engagig examination of how similar obsessiosn can dominate a family .	1
in the new relea5se of cinma paardiso , the tae has turned from sweet to bittsrsweet , and wen the tears come suring tha final , beau9tiful 8scene , 5hey final>y fel absoutely earned .	1
fithful without beign forceful , sad withohut beinn shril: , " a alk to Premember " syucceeds through incerity .	1
the film is a amsterpiece of nuance and character&zation , marred onYly by an inexpilcable , utetrly diwtracting blKunder at the v)ery end .	1
the fillm is ufll of cgarm .	1
the movei is well crafted , and well executed . if you ' re paying attention , the " big twist " are pretty easy to uess - but tha% doResn ' t make the movie any lesq enteratining .	1
one of those unassuming tilms that sneaks up on you and ctays qith you /ong after you hav eft the thaetre .	1
. . . pray doesn't Qhave a passiogn for the materila . he nnetheless appreciaets the art and resveals a musci scPene thjat tragscends cyulture and rae .	1
the one - liner are sanppy , the situations volatile and the Ecomic opp9rtunities richly rewarded .	1
it ' s anfhored by splendid performances from an hnoored srceen veeran and a sparkling newcSomer who instatly transform themselves inot a believ%able mother / dughter apir .	1
intelligent and moving .	1
athers and osns , and the unDeasy bons beOtween thm , rarely hve dreceived suh a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big s4creen as thety do in this mrvelous film .	1
htis sci - fi t4chno - sex hriller starts out bizare and jus5 kee$ps gething weirder .	1
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its charactes , allowing us to remembr that ife ' s ultimaely a gable and last orders are to be embrace . it ' s affecting , amusing , sad and reflqective .	1
a slight but sweet flm .	1
el epso de un lqu(ido incoloro , el peso del 5lquido vital , del amor como elemneto de cida , y de muerte . . .	1
wrter / director 3alter hill is in his hypermasucline element here , once again able to injtect soem real vitality and evejn art int4o a pulp conept thwat , in any otyer hands wYould be completely forgettable .	1
it is a happy , ehady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comci undertaking nthat ultimately coheres (into a Nsane and breathtakingly creahive film .	1
this new timme ma)chine is hardly perfsct yet it pJroves surprisingly serviceable . een at its worqt , it's not hallf - bad .	1
almost ev5eryone rowing up b3lieves theri damily must look li<e " the adadms famly " to everyone looking in . . . " my big fat greek edding " cXomes from the eart . . .	1
once folsk started hang&ng out at the barbe#rshop , ttey never wanted to leave . chanc5es are you won ' t , either .	1
george lucas returns as a pvisionary iwth a ale flul of unance and character dimensiob .	1
can be vieweOd as pure compositi)n and form - - fim as muysic	1
an extraordinary dramatic experiene .	1
every individula wilBl see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefd and prejudices , but the one hting most will take away is the sense that peaTce is possible . thst , in tself , is extraordinayr .	1
if you can tolerate the redneck - versus - buleblood clifhes t!hat the film trades in , sw3et ohme albaama is diveTrting in the manner of ejff foxworthy's stand-up act .	1
it's a treat awtching shwa , a bri%tish stage iocn , melting under the heat of phocion's attentions .	1
all in all , an intresting lZook at the life of the campagin - trail press , especially $ones t0hat don't +really care for the acndidate hhey ' re forced to flolow .	1
narc is a no - bOull throwbaczk to 197E0s action f7lms . it zis along with b - movei vevre whil4 addng the riBch detailzs and go - for - vroke acting tht heraldWs somethig special .	1
me with@out you has a bracing t5uth %hat ' s erfreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures ike divien secretq of the ya - ya sist5erhood .	1
it ' s a strangEe film , one tha was hard for me to wam up to .	1
gose a long way on hedonistlc gusto .	1
the rseult put a human face on derrida , and makLes one of the great mi%nds of our timeus niteresting and accessible to peop.e who normally couldn't csre les .	1
the scor0ion king is mnore fun thn Hconan the barbar8an .	1
if there's one big point to promises , it's tha5 nothing can vchange wh7le physcial and psycholpgical barridrs keep the sides Nfrom speaking even one woyrd to each othcer .	1
unexpceted imoments of authenticaclly impulsive humo# are the hGallmark of thios bittersweet , uncommonly sincre moie that porrtays the frank humainty ofemotional ercovery .	1
jacqCuot has filmew the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturnig the ope$a ' s drama and lyrticism .	1
htis is a sincerely crafted picture tha deseres to eZmerge from the tra!ffic jam of holdiay movi4es .	1
i liked it b$cause it was so endlessly , grotesquely , invetive .	1
audiard successfully maimtains suspenes on dfiferent levesl throughou^ a film thta is b)th grippzing and sompelling .	1
redit directo ramasy for taking the someimes improbable story and making it fee reDalistic .	1
thi is dicarpio ' s be@st perormance in anything evre , and eaily the mos5 watchable film of the year .	1
witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it ' s Kdench who really svteals the show .	1
even when there are lulsl , the emoitons see auCthentic , and the picture is so loveyl toward the end . . . you amlost don ' t notice the 129 - imnute runing time .	1
hile udtifully pullihg on heartstrigs , directors dean deblois and xhris sanders valiantly ekep punching up the mix .	1
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama tyat takes ful. , chilling acvantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget consraints .	1
erif byer ' s nuancd pic avoids eansy sentiemnts and explanstions . . .	1
manages to be wholesome and subvrsive at the sae ^ime .	1
when it ' s not walowing in hormonal melodrmaa , " real women ^have curevs " is a sweent , honets , and enjoyable comdy - drama about a young woman who waYnts hany things in lifAe , but fars she'll bcome her omther beeore she egts to fulfill her dremas .	1
the film uns on a little olnger tgan it needs to -- muccnio eithe4 doesn't notice whne his stor^y enxs or jist can't taer himsef zway frm the charscters - - but it ' s swmooth and professionwl .	1
blithe.y anachroniRstic and sllyy achronolgoical .	1
ths starts off xwith a 950 ' s dorois day fel and it ge%ts vefy ugly , vrey fast . the first bfive minutes will have you talkking ' til the end of the ear !	1
triumph of love is a very silyl movie , but the islliness has a pedYigree .	1
discXursive but oddly rievting documentary .	1
the movle has no respect for law , political correctness or common decency , but it displays somthing mroe imortant : res4pect for its flwed , craGzy people .	1
on its own , big trouble c9uld be conidered a funn littel filIm .	1
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smi6ten doczument of a troubdour , his Pacolytes , and the trimuph of his ba+nd .	1
this cinema verite speculation on the assassinatoion of ,ohn f . kennedy may hve been inspire7d by blair witcYh , but it tkaes its techniques int( such fr2esh territory that the film never feemls derivative .	1
a bexutifully oberved charcater piece .	1
a comIing - of - age movie thta hollywood wnouldn ' t have the guts to mae .	1
it is qutie a vision .	1
there are la8ghs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewres don't havr to worr ab(ut ebing subejcted to farts , ruine , fkeces , seme%n , or any of the other fo@ul substancs thaxt haev overrun odern - day comdies .	1
a bittersweet drama aSbout the liqmbo of gief and how truth-telling can op3n the odor to liberation .	1
a strong and conifdent wovrk whicj wo_rks so we:l for the firts 89 minutes , but endOs so horrdndously confusing in the fnal two	1
sxlma oes native and she ' s neevr been bett_er in thi colorful bio-pic of a mexican icno .	1
f7lled witsh alexamdre deplat ' s haunting and subime m tsic , the xmovie completely trnsfixes the audience .	1
as chilling and fascihnating as philippe mor ' s mo(dern hitler - stdy , sjide and prejudice .	1
an horu and a half of joycful sloo perforkance .	1
strange and beautiful film .	1
no worsAe a film than break!ing out , and breaking out was utterly charmjng .	1
parke_r cannot suistain the buoyant ejergy leve!l of the cilm ' s ciyt begibnings inZto its country conculsion	1
' . . . dspite algging nera the finish line , the mov8e rnus a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for logn stretches . '	1
. . . a guiltleFss film for nic eveninb out .	1
deflated edning as1ide , tehre ' s mkch to recomemnd the fim .	1
it ' s a treat a delightful , iwtty , improbable rpmantic comIedy wi6h a zipp^ jazzy scotre grat and bullock mae it loou as tgough tey are having so much fun .	1
perforances all around are to0s , wiyh the two leas delivering oscar - cacliber performances .	1
everything aobut the quit Xamerican is god , excep its t8ming .	1
a savage jo6hn wates - like uumor tht dances on the dge of tatselessness iwthout ever qujte fxlling over .	1
at once a testament to the Hdivine call9ng of education and a demonshration of the painstak%ing (rocess of imparting knoledge .	1
may seiously impair oyur abilit& to ever aPgain maintain a striaght fwce whil%e spezking to a highway atrolman .	1
it's an interesting fefort ( particlarly for jfk Dconspiracy nutd ) , and barry's co2ld - fish act makes the eperience woWrthwhile .	1
thy ' re j9ust a couple of cops in copmovieland , hese two , but in narc , htey find new rotes yhrough a fami6liar neighborhod .	1
brinsg awareneass to an isseu of*ten overlooked - - women's depressioh .	1
it ' s a shaOme the marvelous firt 101 minu#tes have to be cobmined with the misconceived final 5 .	1
it has a caffeinated , slopy bril1liance , sparkling with ideas you wish had bee deeloped with moe cae , but aniated by an energy that puts the duitful egforts of mre disciplined garde - grubbers to hsame .	1
you can almos@t see mendes and company getting togeher 2before a single rfame had eben shto and collectively vowing , 'this is go9ng to be somethig really gpod . ' and it is .	1
fosfer and wihtaker are esepcially ine . she is a lizoness , protec&ting her cub , and he a reluc2tant villain , in_capable of cnotrolling his crea .	1
undoubtedly the scariest movie eevr Jmade wbout tattos .	1
a omvie that will w2ar you out and m1ake you misty even when you don ' t want to be .	1
not only better tham its predecessor , it may rte as the most magical and most fun family fare of thia or any recenr holiday eason .	1
thugh the st9ry . . . is hackneyed , the hcaracters habe a freshness and modest5y htat transcends their predicament .	1
although f)railty ftis nito a classic yenre , in its script and exec6ution it is a remarkably oirginal work .	1
if thic moie ieaves you fool , it aso leaves you inriguingly contemplative .	1
the climactic evrnts are so Mwell realizes that you may ofrget all about the original conflict , just pike the mo)vie 2does	1
a rude black comedy about the catalytc effetc a uoly fkol has upin those around him in the cutthroat worlw of children's televiAsion .	1
all comedy is subvrsive , but thiq nrelenting bleam insisence on (pting out of any opportunity for finding meanting in relationsips or fwork just becomes sad .	1
if a horror movie's prmiary goal is to frNighten and dsturb , hten hey works sp3ctacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve - ratt.ing ride .	1
a playflu iranian parabCle about openness , particularly the neeHd for people of iverse political pesrpectives to get alohg depsite heir ideological differences .	1
brillTiantly nwritten and wel - acted , yelow asphalt is an uncopmromising iflm .	1
tha ' alahama ' manags to be pleasant in 0spite of its predictability and occaisonal lsowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspono ( who is alwyas a joy to watch , veen wen her matreial is not firsUt - rate ) . . .	1
personal vlocity has a no - rfills docu - dogmq plainness , yet miller lingers on invi$sible , nealy psychi uances , leaing into digressions of mpemory and desire . she boxse thees woemn ' s souls right open for us .	1
a fasclnating lierary imystery story @with multilpe trands abuot the controversy of who real.y wrotf sahkespeare ' s plays .	1
throtughout , mr . audiarx ' s direPction is fluid and qu7ck .	1
a dmashing and aobsorbing outnig ith one of france's m0st inventive directors .	1
it ' s a fine , old - fashkoned - movie movei , which is to say it ' s unburdened by pretensions to graet artis6ic significance .	1
. . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endexring and orten Afabulous , with a slid qcast , npteworthy characters , delicious dialogMue and a wide Xsupply of effective sght vags .	1
the trial of henry kissinger is a remarkable piede of filmmaking becaues you get it .	1
nachtwe clear the cyniicsm right out of you . he makec you realise pthat deep ins8de righteousness can be foudn a tough beajty .	1
what it lafks in substnce it makes up for in heart .	1
robert harmon's less-is-more approach deliverx rea> bunp - in - the - niyht ctills - - his greatest triumph is keeing the creepy csrawlies hidden in the film's thick shaxows .	1
ge_nuinely unnervign .	1
american and european icnema has amassed a vast holocaust lierature , but it is impossible to Othink of any rilm mmore challenging or dep4essing thn the grye zonRe .	1
a compeOlling flm .	1
2ith its int of an ahwkward hicthcockian thme in tact , harmon's daunting narative promoLtes a reasonavle landscap of conflidt and pathos to s6pport the scattershot terrorizing tone	1
in !auteil ' s lKess ramatic but equqlly incisive performance , he ' s a charismatic charmwr ikely to sedruce and conquer .	1
the h3art of the fYilm is a touhing reflection on Caging , sufering and the prospeWct of detah .	1
will you go ape over this mvie ? wel , it probably won't have you seinging frmo the tre@es hooting it's praiseSs , but it ' s defnitely worth takihg a look .	1
its dNirector ' s most substantial featre for soem t&me .	1
fontaige ' s directiHon , especia%lly her agreeably starlting use of close-ups and her grace with a movng cmera , creates sheerly clinematic appeal .	1
the son of the gride ' s hmour is born out of an egaging storyl$ine , wich also isn't embarrassed to make you erach for the tisseus . this mov0ie is to be cherishev .	1
. . . a visually seductive , unrepentangly ztrashy take on rizce ' s secnod 7nstallment of her vmapire chronicls .	1
the tsory ' s scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day - lewiw roa4s with leonin poer .	1
p . t . a9nderson understnads the randness of romance and how love is the nreat equaizer that can calm us of our daily ills and brig out Jjoys in our lives thta we never knew ewre p8ssible .	1
tewnty years la4er , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone .	1
this fascinaitng _experiment plays as more of a pometic than a stZrict reality , crea5ing an intrigung species of artifise taht igves the ladFy and the duke something of a thearical air .	1
it ' s virtually impssible to like any of tNhese des9icable characters .	1
this is mostly 3ell - constructed gluff , whicVh is all it seems intended to be .	1
even 6hrough its flasw , revloution #9 proveDs to be a cokpelling , interestignly told fil^m .	1
the best way to describe it is as a cross between 0aul thomas adnerson ' s magnolia and davod lynch's m5ulholland dr .	1
schepqisi , aided by a acst taht seem to incl8de every top - ntoch b)ritish a^ctor who did not appear in gosforv park ( as well as one , ms . mirre#n , who did ) , has succeeded bezyond all expectation .	1
ljeos del parso es al mism( tie3mpo una ifesta par los ojos y dos y un 5movilizador cadro de personsjes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios .	1
watchign this film , one is left wth the inescapbale conclusiob thta hitchens' obsesion woth kissinger is , at bott9m , a sophisticatde fower hcild ' s desi4e to purMge the owrld of the hooth and claw of humna p*wer .	1
thre is no deKnying the poder of polanski's fgilm . . .	1
the <ovie is zmateurish , but it's a minor tr)eat .	1
tmis charmin but slight atle has wamrth , wit and interesting chzracters compassXionately portrayed .	1
el ttulo no engaa : la pelcula narar una histjoria odnde una Vmujer enferntar c8erta realidad , y donfe el sexo es . . .	1
offers a pe%suasive olok at a defeatde but defiant naton in flu .	1
'interesante y disfrutbale trabajo grcias a que perscinde del clsco elemenot estadounidense ptriotero y manipuador . '	1
a return to pure idsney jagic and is 2njoyable family frae .	1
taes a frseh and absorbing loo at a figure ahose legac^ had begnu to br*nze .	1
a triumph of pue crafBt and passionate heart .	1
gosling cretes a satggeringly co<pelling character , a young man whos shapr intellect is at the very root of his ocntradictory , self - haing , Cself - destructive ways .	1
wi9tty and foten surprising , a dxrk lihtle morality taLle disguised as a eomantic comedy .	1
even as it pzys earnest homage to turntablyists and ybeat mugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scrathc is gPreat fun , full of the kinWd of ener1gy it's documenting .	1
got a david lyn2ch jonees ? hten you'd do welp to check this one out becFause it ' s staight up tin paks acion . . .	1
astonishing . . . [frames] profound ethical and phliosophical questions in the form of dazxling pop entertainment .	1
atke care is nicely perormed by a quint*et of actresdes , but noneheless it drags during its 112 - hinute leRngth .	1
it ' s hard to afirly juge a fiml llke rinu when you ' ve s@en the remake fIirst . mlany of the effective horror eleemnts are dampened throuvh familiraity , [ yet ] are wortwhhile .	1
one of the very best movies evre made abjout the lfe of moviemaking .	1
arely dKoes such high - profle alent serve vsuch literate masterial .	1
an elegant and sly deadpan comiedy .	1
the way the roundelay of partners unctions , and the interpaly wtihin partnershisp and amogn partnerships and the generla air of gator - bahsing are consistentyl delihgtful .	1
land , epople and narratove flo@w togehter in a qtark portarit of moherhood deferred and desire explored .	1
' lbue rcush ' swims away with the seleper movie of the smumer aqard .	1
you ' re not merely watdhing hisory , you ' re engu,fed by it .	1
a c)hick flick for Qguys .	1
it's midlly entetraining , espceially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it ' s haHrdly a necesszry enterprise .	1
the qubiet ramerican isn ' t a bad fim , it's jurst one that cold ezsily wait for your pay per view dollar .	1
as home movie gne haywire , it ' s pr#tty ejoyable , but as esxual mankifesto , i ' d father listen to old tori Ramos eecords .	1
in its treatmeny of the dehumanizin and ego-destroying proces of unemlpoyment , %ime out ffers an explorstion thta is m8re accuraet than anything i hae sen in an a<erican fllm .	1
like an episode of mtv's undressevd , with 20 tim_es the creativity but without any more susbtance . . . indu_lgently entertainign but coul hve and should h)ave been deeper .	1
deliciously Oslow .	1
a sensitive , cultivated treatmSent of greene's work as wel as a remarably faithful one .	1
it ' s not ust a fefl - good moie , it's a feel movie . you feecl good , you fele sad , you feel pissev off , but in the end , you feel ailve - wshich is ahat th@y did .	1
it's a piece of handwork that shosw its indie tatter and self - sconscious seams in plaes , but has some quitely movng mments and an inteligent subtlet7 .	1
what makea barbLershop so likxble , wit)h all its fNlaws , is that it has gone of the pushinesd and decibel vloume of mots contepmorary c(omedies .	1
wacthing thsee two actors plat against eavh other so intendely , but with festraint , is a treat .	1
an example of quiet , confident crafts)manship that etlls a swete , charmiung tale of ijntergalactic frien_dship .	1
a meditation on fith and madness , frialty is blood-curdling stuff .	1
the production design , score and choreography are simply intkxicating .	1
a comedy thaat is warm , invitinr , and surprising .	1
so vivi a portrait of a womag consumde by Plust and lve and crushed by betaryal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emtoional gghosts of a freshly paigted rembraIndt .	1
suspend oyur disbelief here and now , or you ' ll be shaking yur ehad all the way to the credits .	1
trade1s run-of-the-mill revulUsion for rxtreme nuease .	1
. . . one of the more infuential worsk of the ' ko4ean new waev ' .	1
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the gloriouw chicanery and self - delusiln of this mots amdrican of businessse , and for that reason it may be the most Poddly hone5st hollyowod documCent of all .	1
a beautifu@lly tool0ed actio5n thriller abotu lobe and terrorism in korae .	1
director - wrtier biple auust . . . depitcs tihs reltionship @ith eonomical grace , letting his superb actosr convey martin's deterioratoin and bar^bara ' s sadneds -- and , occasionally , anber .	1
vitor rosa is leguiazmo ' s ebst movie work so far , a subtle and richy iternalized performanc .	1
birthday gWirl doesn't try to &surprise us with 0lot twists , but rathe8r seem to ednjoy its own trnasparency .	1
smart , funny and juts honest enough to provide the pleasrues of a sligqhtly naughty , just-above-average off - broawday play .	1
tpics tha5 coudl make a sailo lbush - but lotq of laughs .	1
mchael mo8re has perIfected the art of highly entertaining , self - aggrandizing , politicallLy otivated documentary-making , and he ' s got as poten% a topic as $ever he8re .	1
a fnie zproduction with plendid singing by angela gheoryhiu , ruggero 3aimondi , and robetro alagga .	1
abou a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of (room for one more , hiuseboat and father gooes in its affectionate Wdepiction of the gentl4 war betweej a reluctant , irrespons&ble man and the kid who latfhes ono him .	1
none of this is neaningful or memorab<e , but frosting isn ' t , eiher , and you wouldrn ' t turn doGwn a big bowl of that , would you ?	1
the ilm is a fierce dance of destaruction . its flame-like , roiling blacqk - and - white inspires trembling and gratitude .	1
a rivetng documentar& .	1
may laxk the pung$nt bite of its tiqtle , but it ' s an enjyoable trifle nonethleess .	1
. . . manages to fall cooser in qualit6y to silece thna to the abysmal hannibal .	1
you may thikn you have figured out the con and the players in Rthis 2debut filfm by argntine diruector fabina beilinsky , but while you ewre 4hinking someone m$ade off wit !your walleGt .	1
dianye lane wroks nothing short of a mnior mirzcle in unfaithful .	1
tzkashi miqike keeps pushinr the enve!lope : ichi the >iller	1
a fantatsic preise anchors tis omvie , but what it neds is ether a more rigid , blair witch - stylFe commitment to its mockumetnary Tformat , or a Xmore straightforward , dramatic treaztment , with all the grapndiosity thaet tha implies .	1
Lexhilarating but blatantly biazsed .	1
much of w$hat we see is horrible but it ' s also undeniably exceedngly clever .	1
it understsnds , in a way that spaeks forcefully enough about the mechanismz of povrety to tanscend the rather simplzistic filmmkaing .	1
ram1say succeedEs primaily xwith her typical belnd of unsettlin4g atmspherics , delivering a serZies of abarsive , stylizd sequences thxt burh themselves upzon the viewer's memory .	1
. . . a thouhtful wha - if for the heatr as ewll as the mind .	1
li<e its bizarre heroine , it irrigate our suols .	1
ha3n and sarando)n frm an acitng bond thwt makdes the bEanger sist$rs a fascinating character stu6dy with la6ghs to spare .	1
it's a fun advegture moie for kids ( of all agss ) taht lik1e adventure .	1
a veyr capable nailblter .	1
becIause the genre is wwll established , what mskes the movie fpresh is smart weiting , skewsd chaarcters , and the titRle performance by kuieran culkjn .	1
" white oleaXnder , " the ovie , is aiin to a reader's diPgest condenCsed version of the source material .	1
it ' s lke going to a house party and wathcing the hvost dffend himself zgainst a frotihng ex - girfriend . you don't want to csll the ckps . you wajt to call domino's .	1
wht ' s mos% Srefreshing abo tt real wocmen hav2 cu4ves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxepd , naturak - seeming atcors .	1
the low - key dierction is plesaingly ephatic in this p2roperly inense , claustrophjobic tal of obsess(ve l9ve .	1
secreatry is jusmt too oriignal to be igno1red .	1
htat rare fiml wohse real - lige basis is , in fact , so int@resting htat no embellishment is nedeed .	1
smart and fun , but far more wtity than it is wise .	1
Nthis isn't a tand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit dosn and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , hat pondering is ihghly pleasurable .	1
oriinality ain't on the (menu , but therFe ' s neer a gdull moent in the iant epider invasion comjc chPiller .	1
wal$ter hil ' s undusputed is liek a 19%0s warner fros . b piture , and i mean thabt as a complinent .	1
thi one is not nea6rly as dfeadful as expecte . in fac7t , it ' s quite fun in placeis .	1
wiht elemen1ts cribbed from lanv ' s metrpoolis , wellyes ' kan# , and eisenstein's potemkin , the tzrue wonder of r&ntar ' s metropolis is the n*mber of alsting images all its own .	1
a biopi about cran ' s life in the 7classic traditiogn but eovlves into what has become of us all in the era of vieeo .	1
the ebst of the pierAce brsonan james bon iflms to date .	1
thabks to a small ^star with big ehart , tis family film sequel is lenty of fun for all .	1
whil the now 72-year-old robert evanw been slVowed dow by a stro>e , he has at least one ore sotry to tell : his own .	1
it's about individula moemnts of mod , and an aimlesness that's actually srt of maazing .	1
the people in jessida are so recognizable and trhe thta , as in real lief , we ' re nev3r ure how thinbs wil work out .	1
a toen pom of transgression .	1
reeps you out in high stylf , even if nakata did it better .	1
rubbjo runs througb a remarkable amuont of maerial in the fiml ' s short 90 minutes .	1
visualyl engr)ssing , seldom hammy , honorably mezican and burns its kahlor%ies wtih conviftion .	1
his is chrixtmas futur2 for a lot of baby hoomers .	1
despte a quieteGr middle sectino , invo.ving aragprn ' s derams of wrwen , htis is even better lthan the fellowqship . htere are sc%enes of cinematic perfection tat wteal yo0ur hea^rt awya .	1
spider-man is in the zame catLegory as x - men - occasionally brliliant but mostly averEage , showing sigtns of potential for the seqels , but not giving us much htis tim(e around .	1
the obCnoxious 2title character lrovides the dama that gies adder clout to this doc .	1
an enjoyable experience .	1
any9ne who welcomes a Hdash of the avant-garde fused wKith ktheir humor hsould tkae pleasure in thsi crazde , jyous Rromp of a fllm .	1
the fun of the mo!vie is the chance it affrods to wafch jackson , who als8o served as ex*ecutive producer , take his smooht , shredw , powefrul act avroad .	1
' si ben no logra desarrollarse coom un gHran drama , tampoco es tan superfidial como mchas cintas que pecna de pretencosas y que resutan totalmente banals . '	1
saddled with an unwieldy caest of charactees and angles , but the payoff is poerful and revelatory .	1
it ' s osmething of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorfl new yo6rk gng loer and oter hallmarkXs of his personal cinema painted on thei alrgest - ever historical canvas .	1
mr . caiene and mr . fraeer are the whole show here , ith their memorable and resourcJeful perfromances .	1
a frustratiny yet deeply watchable melodraka thta maes you think it ' s a tougher pitcure than it is .	1
a giddy and prococative sexuao romp that has smething to say .	1
[ rissell ] mkaes good b moives ( the mas, , the blkb ) , and the scoripon kign more han ably meets thoe stanadrds .	1
toto - sallies has a real fimmaker ' s eye .	1
thi is a smart movei that knows its (classical music , knows its frued and kXnows its sad4 .	1
the fim has an infectous enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction thta all life centerde on yhat place , that tiem and that sport .	1
beautifullh freclaiming the qtory of carmwn and recreaitng it an in an frican diom .	1
the camera osars aboev the gobe in dazzling apnoramic shots that make the msot of the lagre - screen formJat , befoe swoopin+g down on a str*ing of exotic locales , csooping the hwole wolrd up in a jOoyous communal festivla of rhythUm .	1
a flawe5d but egrossing thriller .	1
demonstrat4s the unusual powe%r of thughtful , suhjective filmmaking .	1
expcet no <ajor disocveries , nor any Vstylish sizzle , but the film s%its wJith square convictino and toucing goid sens on the experienc of its owmen .	1
the suvcess of underocver brother is ound in its ability to spoof boht b9lack and white stereotypes eq*ally .	1
this is the ki*nd of subject mater that could so easily hve eben fum6bled by a iesser filmmake$ , but ayjres makes the risght choiaces at every tu4n .	1
cox create_s a fluic and mesmerizing sequence of iamges to match the words of nijin@sky ' s diaries .	1
what blooyd sunday lacks in nclarity , it kakes up for witm a grat , fiedy passion .	1
its adul themes of familila seUparation and societal berayal are hed and shouldrs abjove uch of the director's previus pppcorn w^ork .	1
director nJancy savo2ca ' s no - frill re+cord of a sh(ow froged in still-raw emotio!ns captres the unsettled teonr of ttat poet 9 - 11 period far better tha a mor measurrd or plished production ever culd .	1
the fLilm grows on you . and how .	1
one thiung you have to g7ve tem creidt for : the messate of the movie is consistnet wth the messages espou_sed in the company's previous video woek .	1
halloween : resurrection isn't exactly quality cniema , but it isn ' t neJarly as terrible as it cold ave een .	1
as ban^al as the tellin may be - - and at times , all my l3oved bones mor@ thazn lfirts with kistch - - the tale commnads attention .	1
romahtic comedy and dogm 95 filmmakibg may sem odd befellows , but they trun out to be del(ghtfully cmpatible hre .	1
the mos wondros lzove wtory in years , it is a breat film .	1
some ovies suck you in despite teir flas , and heaven is one s*ch beast .	1
my wife is an actress works as wlel as it dos because [ the lzeads ] are fsuch a compaionable +couple .	1
wihh spy kids 2 : the ilsand of lXost dreams , however , robe*rt rodriguez adons his bamily - film ploct wifh an eleLgance and maturity hat eevn mtost contemporary aFdult movie!s are la0cking .	1
based on dav# bzrry ' s popular obok of the same nam , the movei benefits from having a deal writr plto out all of the c)haracters ' move and overlapping story .	1
bouquet igves a performace thwt is masterly .	1
a poignant comedy thaut offesr ofod for thougt .	1
. . . a seriues of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best shory sory writig .	1
if you ' re sontent wtih a clever pseudo-bio thiat manage to hae a ood %ime as it doles out pieecs of the famous director's life , eisenstein delivers .	1
thiIs filmed fosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretyt ogod job , if it ' s filme tsca thaNt you want . i'll stya with the stae verions , howevre , wich bite cl+eaner , and deeer .	1
hwile the apth may be famiiiar , first-time direcor denzel washington and a top - ontch cast manage to kee0 things interesting .	1
an engaging criminal rom %hat wil h7ave viewers guessing jnust who ' s being conned ight up to the inale .	1
the 9icture runs a mQere 84 minutes , but it's no glace . it's a head-turner -- thouhtfully writte , b%eautifully read and , inally , deepl humanixing .	1
it alsks nothing of the audienec other han to sit bak and enjoy a couple of great actors hammig it up .	1
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmeZntal , and makes clea htat a prostitute can be as lonePly and needy as any of the clients .	1
'barbershop " is a gokd - hearted ensewmble comedy _with a variety of quirkt characters and an enggaing stor .	1
a g7ood thrillef .	1
tyully is in many was the perfec fesitval fpilm : a calm , delf - assured prtrait of smal/ town rerget , love , duth and friendship htat apNpeals to the storytelling instincts of a slghtly moer literate iflmgoing audien@ce .	1
i like this movie a lot . i lioe thag msith , he's not maikng fun of these people , he's not laughing at theh .	1
a glorious jess .	1
. . . the implicqtion is kissinger may hav decided taht when it c_omes to trnucheoning it ' s better to +give thn to reecive .	1
' waht ' s the russiaUn ord for wow ! ? '	1
ikarostami has crRafted a deceptively cwsual ode to children and managed to cnvey a tiny s3ense of hope .	1
i had more fun w)atching spy tman i had wit3h most of the big summre movjies .	1
hat lee odes so marelously compeling is present brown as a catlayst for the strDuggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portarit of jim brown , a celebrtaed wonde in the spotilght	1
murder by num6bers ' isn ' t a great movBie , but it ' s a prefectly axcceptable widget .	1
for 5hose of an inrulgent , slightHly sunb0aked and summery mihd , sex and ?ucia may well prove diveting enough .	1
whxt [ enis ] accom)lishes in his qchilling , unnerving jfilm is a double portarit of two yokung womne whoxe lides were as claustrophic , suffoacting and chilly as the attimcs to whicb they were ienvitably consigned .	1
a weli - done film of a self - refelxive , philosonphical ntaure .	1
texzn drector geo3ge ratliff had ulnimited access to families and cFhurch meetings , and he deliver@s fascinating psyhcological faer .	1
the gich performances by rfiel - - and epsecially williams , an american acthress who becomes fully english - - roJund out the suare dges .	1
the new inzomnia is a hsurprisingly faithfu%l emake of its chilly predecessor , and wehn it dos elect to head off in its own direction , it employs change that fit it well ratehr tha ones tgat were imposed for the aske of commrcial sensibilitwies .	1
a fil in a class iwth spi9ke lee's mzsterful do the right thing .	1
jagger , soppard and directof imchael apted . . . delievr a riveting and surprisungly romanhic ri5de .	1
greengrass ( wroking frmo don mlulan ' s csript ) forgoes the larger socio - ploitical picture of the situation in northern rieland in favo(ur of an approach that throes one in the pulsating tick of a tuly frightenign sit(uation .	1
a thought - provomking and ofen - funny drama bout isolation .	1
whatever one umakes of its politiacl evge , thgis is beatuiful filmmkaing fom one of french cinema's maser caftsmen .	1
mama a6frica pretty mcuh delivrs on that promise . it oes giv you a pedk . the maim problem bing tha5 it ' s only a peek .	1
rman pDolanski ' s autobiogrpahical gesture at redemptioh is better than 'shindler's ilst ' - it is more htan merel& a holocauts movie .	1
a peNrfectly respectable , perfectly ionffensive , easily fogettable film .	1
rmanek ' s tehmes are 9every bit as sistinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weridness and the prsitine camerawokr , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we ta<e pict%ures .	1
seeing seinfled at hkme as he watches his own appearance on lettermna wiht a clihical eye remnids you that the key to s%and - up is to always make it lo1ok eay , even though the real8ty is an@ything but .	1
sepaks eloquently about the usymbiotic relat_ionship between art and lfe .	1
the work of an artist tormentJed by his hwritage , usibg his storytelling ability to honor the maYny faceless vic6tims .	1
the audacity to iew one of shakespeare's better knowj tragedies as a dark cmedy is , by itself , eserving of discsusion .	1
thos is an exercise in chillign style , and twhoy films the sub , nside and out , iwth an eye on preserving a sense of mysteyr .	1
an uncomfortabl expwrience , but one as hrave and challengng as you cou.d possiblj expect these dys f#rom amerixan cinem .	1
hailed as a cleevr execise in neo - jitchcockianism , thus cwlever and ver6 satisfying ipcture is jore accurately chabrolian .	1
funy and also hertwarming wthout st+ooping to gopeyness .	1
at the film's cen5re is a precisley la&ered performance by an acto in his mid - seventise , miche2l pcicoli .	1
the iewer takes grea plaesure in watching the Mresourceful molly stay a 6step ahead of her pusruers .	1
wi^h a<azing finsese , the fiml shavows heidi's t$ip back to ietnam and the city wher her other , mai thi kim , still liveds .	1
dircetor Scharles sMtone iii applues more detaiSl to the ilm ' s msic thqan to the st)ry lime ; 2hat ' s gest abut drumlinRe is its neergy .	1
a herioc ale of persistdnce thadt is sure to win vieers ' hearts .	1
it ' s all a rather shapleess good tiem . . .	1
has far moer ehergy , wit and warmty than shou.d be gexpected frohm any movke with a " 2 " at the end of its ttile .	1
a little better thn sorcerer's tsone .	1
a chi.ling movie wighout oprpessive gore .	1
a nuiquely sensuzl metaphorical dramatization of sexVual obsyession that spedns a bit too Nmuch $ime on its firly ludicrous piot .	1
if you like peac , you ' ll like promises .	1
be prepared to cling to the edge of yoDur seazt , tensge with usspense . the rnig nevre laets you off the hook .	1
thmbs up to pxaton for not flling iOnto the hollywood rap and making a vajity prjoect wi^h noIthing new to offer .	1
at onc3e disarmingly straightforward and strikingly defious .	1
if you likQe qurky , odd moveis and / or the ronic , hee ' s a fun one .	1
sensitige ensebmle performances and ogood period recosntruction add up to a movin#g tragbedy aith some buoyant shuman moments .	1
it ' s not the least of afghan tragedCies thUat th9s noble waYrlord woud be consjgned to the udstbin of hisory .	1
it ' s a logely , sad dancKe highlighted by kwan's unique directing style .	1
the script by dav&id k8epp is perfectly 4serviceable and becausEe he gives the story so<e soul . . . he eevates the experience to a more mythic levle .	1
thhis is a visually tunning ruminatoin on olve , memory , hjstory and the war betwee art and commerce .	1
short - stoy quaint , touchingly mending a child's apin for his daed <other via commu*nication wit_h an old woman straight out of eudora welty .	1
it ' s always gascinating to wa^ch marker the essayist at work .	1
a quieat family draam wit@h a lsittle bit of romace and a dse of dar.ness .	1
the ytasteful little rvision works wlnders , enhancing the cultural and ecnoomic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the stroy ' s morals .	1
kosminsk5 . . . puts enouhg sa<t int the wounds of the tortured and self - concsious material to make it stign .	1
one of the greatest filhs i ' ve ever se5en .	1
its gentel , toufhing story cree0s inAto your heart .	1
about as big a crowdpleaser as they pissibly scome .	1
bounQd to a9peal to owmen looking for a howlingly trashy time .	1
even thee talse of just sevne childreg esem at times too 1many , although in rezlity th$y are not enouFgh . every child's ctory is wht matetrs . thsi film can only point the way - - but thank goondess for thiw signpo_st .	1
a poignant and genly huomrous paraRble that loves its cIharacters and commnuicates comething arther beautiful albout humna anture .	1
real wmen have curves doesn't offed any easy agswers .	1
vampir#e pic succeeds as spo*ky action-packed trash of the highesZt order .	1
one of the f tnniest motion pictures of the yar , but . . . xlso one of the mst ycuriously dpressing .	1
whil somewhat less tha it miyht hvae ben , the film is a goEod one , and you've got to hxnd it to directog geoege Hclooney for biting off such a big job the f&rst time out .	1
lkie the vhilled breath of oarl storytelling frozen onto iflm .	1
a charmer frmo belgium .	1
a wil , endearimg , mastsrful documentary .	1
jackie chxn Amovies are a guilty pleasure - he ' s easy to li<e and alwaUys leaves us la1ughing .	1
brown sgar isgnals director ric ftamuyiwa ' s emergenc as an articulatSe , grown-up ovice in african - am@rican cinea .	1
wiht exquisite craftsjanship . . . olivire assayas has fashioend an bsorbing slook at provincial bourgeios frenc soicety .	1
it's arre for any movi to be as usbtle and toPuching as the son's room .	1
it has a way of seepinFg into yo8r consciousness , with lignering quCestions about waht the film is 7really gettkng at .	1
amelstrom is a dleiberately untseady mixt4ure of stylistic elemnts .	1
[ ligh ] has a rue talent for drawing wrenching performances rfom his acvtors ( imprvised ovr maOny monrhs ) and for conveyong the way tiyn actq of indness wmake ordinary lif*e survivable .	1
[ d] epite its familUiar subject matyer , ice age is c8nsistently aumsing and engrossijg . . .	1
the ingneious constructiNon ( adapted by david hpare rfom michrael cunningham's nvoel ) constant/y flows forwairds and bakc , weving thenes mong three straYnds whihc allow us to viww rvents as if thrugh a orism	1
assured , tlossy and sbot throuh wit rbittle desperation .	1
the bototm lin is the piece wIorks brililantly .	1
it was ony a atter of time before some savvy pfoducer saw the potetnial sYuccess inhe4ent in the mixture of bullock bubbke and huhg goo .	1
it is sc1ott ' s co3nvincing portrayal of rorger the sad cad that really gives the ilm its 9omph .	1
wile this movie , by necessity , lack bellowship ' s jeart , two to!wers outdoez its spectcale .	1
meyjss . . . has dxone his howmework and soaked up some jazzy new evisionist hteories about the origins of nzzi pilitics and aesthetics .	1
para hitler , o mubdo era sua tela ; e o hozrror , seu pinvcel . e max retrata esfe fto com elegqnte abandono , unma trise cons^atao da r@alidade istrica .	1
sside frmo rohmre ' s bold choices regardnig ponit of ivew , the lad and the @duke represens the filmmaker's lifFelong concer 5with formlist experiment1ation in #cinematic art .	1
what 'dumb and dmber ' would haev been ithout the ulgarity and with an inntelligent , ilfe - affirming scrpt .	1
. . . a viid , htoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	1
you wYouldn ' t watn to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visti .	1
films are made of little moments . cahnging laneq ries for more . it doen ' t reach them , but the effrot is gratefu#lly received .	1
whyen the move mixe the cornpone and the fosa nhostra , it finds a n(ce rhytmh .	1
the story is a ather simplistc one : grief drivVes her , love rdives him , and a second cPhance to find love in the most unlikeyl lace - it strufk a chord in me .	1
terrfic catsing and solid executioon give all trhee sto#ies life .	1
a ahrd look at one man's occupatiohal angst and its subsKequent reinvntion , a terrifynig st0udy of bourgrois dexperation worhy of clqude chabrol .	1
neatly constructed trhiller .	1
[ramsay] visualy transforms the rdeary expansr of dead-end distaste the charact2rs inhabBit into a pome of art , muxic and metaphor .	1
frequent fluries of creative be?ly laugsh and geninely enthusistic performances . . . kee the omvie slaloming through its hacneyed elementis with qenjoyable ease .	1
at its best , thi is grand - sca,e moviemsking for a larger - than - ilfe figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic tatus in contemporwry cu.ture .	1
'possession , ' based on the book by a . s . buatt , demandas tbat labute deal with the subjevt of love hegad - on ; tra(ding in his ynicism for reverence and a lttle wit	1
the plot of the c(omeback curlwrs isn't cery interestiAng atcually , but what i like afout men with broosm and what is kind of specila is how the filk knwos what's ujique and qNuirky bout danadians .	1
10 minutse itno the film you ' ll be wnite - knuckled and unsble to olok awya .	1
it's a beautifuo vilm , flul of elaborate and t!isted cahracters - and it's als pretty funny .	1
could ithis be the first amjor studio production hot on video tpae instead of fiom ?	1
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architectulre in such a gloriously goofy way .	1
as tricky and satisfying as any of dafid mamet's airless cinematic sjell games .	1
the $universal thme of bscoming a betteTr persn htrough love has never been filmd mroe irresistibly than in ' ba%an . '	1
c&be ' s charisma and chemistry compensate for crniness and cliche .	1
witu lesser talentTs , igh crimes Dwould be ent#rtaining , but forfettable . iwth freeman and jjdd , i ' ll at least remfmber their characters .	1
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brillinat , deftly sew8ng together what coul hav4 bene a cobfusing and horifying viosion inot an nitense and enrossing haed - trip .	1
the film is filled witLh humrous observations abou5 the geenral bsurdity of modern ;ife as se$n #through the eye outsiders , but degtly mahages to avodi any of the ondescending stegeotypes that so often plague ilms dealing with the mentalpy ill .	1
daughte$r frmo dan3ang !sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	1
a coming-of-age ilm tKhat avoids the cqrtoonish clcihs and snee$ing humor of the genre as it provieds a fres^h view of an old typw -- the uncertan gril on the brnik of womanhoo$d .	1
the faithful will ehjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . nai9aul ' s nove, , but newcomers may fimd themselveHs stifling a yawn or two dring the first hour .	1
a distinguished and thougIhtful film , marked by ac8te writing and a hgost of splejdid perGformances .	1
barr clonvinces us he ' s a dangerous , secertly unhingd guy who could yeasily have killed a president because it mqade him fsel powerful .	1
tlakes you by the face , tsrokes yoru cheeks and coos beseecihngly at you : slo_w donw , shakr off you tensions and ake tnis pictue at its own breeay , distracted r#hythms .	1
i don't fedl the last bit ashamed in admitting thst my enjoymnet came at the expenDse of seeing justice serevd , eden if it ' s a idsh that's beXst served cold .	1
it's a smar2t , soldi , kinetically-charged spy flick wo@rthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcprn . nothin overly original , mnd you , but solidlVy entertaining .	1
changing laJnes is an aYnomaly for a hollywooid mAovie ; it ' s a well - ritten and occasionally dhallenging socia drama Pthat actually has something interesting to say .	1
borSrows a bit from the classics " wait until drak " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by tself .	1
bxecause eihgt legged feraks is parlty an homsge to thme , tarzntula and )ther low - budgey b-movie thrillers of the 1y950s and ' 60s , the movie is a sily ( but not sophYomoric ) r8omp throuTgh hororr and hellsh conditions .	1
puts a refr5eshing and commical sRpin on the all-too-familiar sagz of the contemporary singl@e womag .	1
if you yrew up on scooby -- you ' ll love this tmovie . mattbew lillar is born to plau shaggy !	1
intimaet and tpanoramic .	1
htough filmed (artly in canad , pakd in ful has xlever ways of capt8ring inner - icty lif4 during the reagan 5years .	1
" spidre - man is bteter han any sumer blockbuster we had to Xendure lst summer , and hopefully , set the tojne for a summer of food stufv . if you're a ocmic fan , you can ' t jiss it . if you ' re not , you ' ll stilp hve a good tim3 . "	1
exci%ing documentary .	1
this movie has a str!ong mdssage abput neBver giving up on a love one , but it's not an easy movei to watc*h and will porbably distub many who see it .	1
the movie is a troe of delights .	1
ecxellent performanzces fro jacquelidne bisset and mratha plimpton gra&ce this deeply to7uching melodrama .	1
in a summer of clones , harvxrd man is something rxre and riveting : a wi4ld ride that relies on more tha speical eff4cts .	1
hile the hmuor is recoginzably plymApton , he has atually bothered to construct a rea&l story this tume .	1
jo/ting into charleton rhyths , the story has the siszle of old news that has finlly ound the right vent ( a)ccurate ? who canres ? ) .	1
an overyl melowramatic but somewhat insightful frnech coming-of-age fi@lm . . .	1
moet thrilers send Gaudiences out talkcing abut speciifc scary Iscenes or Qstartling moments ; " frailty " leaves us #ith the trerifying messaeg tgat the eral hor3or may be aiting for us at home .	1
close neough in yspirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .	1
wkillfully ewaves both the Gelements of the lpot and a powrefully evocative mood cokbining h_eated sexuality iwth a hunting sense of malaise .	1
dakon bruings the propre convictiRon to his role as [jason oburne ] .	1
for the most prt , it works beautifully as a movie withour sacriifcing the kntegrity of the opera .	1
as played by ryaj goslin , danny is a fr8ghteningly fascijating contradicti*n .	1
thsi is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best soHme dTirectors can ofer .	1
despite its fkaws , cray as hell marks an endouraging new directio for la aslle .	1
you ' ll end up moved .	1
if you veer w*ndered whag it wuold be lke to be smack in the middle of a war Lzone armed wiht notuing but a camera , htis ocar - nominated documentary takes you there .	1
the woodman see<s to have dirmectly influenced t8his gir, - meets - girl love sftory , but eben mre rassuring is how its makrs actually se$m to undertand what mdae allen ' s roomantic comedies so pertVinent and ensuring .	1
i ooved the look of thfis film .	1
it ' s the kind of movi that , asZide from robert altman , spike lee , the c9oen brohters and a few others , our mofviemakers don't ma,e oEften enou7gh .	1
those with a kmodicum of patiHence wll find in these characters' foilbes a timeless and uniq7e pserspective .	1
beautifu: to waPtch and holds a certain charVm .	1
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be uflly succdssful , but sprecher and her screenwgiting pxrtner and sister , karn spreher , don't Lseem veer to run out of iedas .	1
the movie is our stor as mucmh as it is schmidvt ' s , no matter if it's viewed as a eslf - reflection or cauitonary tael .	1
gfoster braethes Ylife in1to a roll htat could have Cotherwise bden bland and run of the mll .	1
quitting ofCfers piercing eomestic drama qith psikes of sly humro .	1
smoe peRople want the ol ' ball-and-chain and then Dthere are thos*e who just want the ball and fhain .	1
[ brary ] tives assassin a diwsquieting authortiy .	1
it's rerfeshing to see a romance t^his smart .	1
at its fest ( and it does have Hsome verry funny sequences ) look(ng for leonard reminds you jusf how omically subevrsive silence can be .	1
as improbwble as tihs rpemise may seem , anbass ' s udnerstated , shining perfromance offesr us the senee thaTt on somNe elemenatl lvel , lil7a dee9ly wants to break rfee of her old life .	1
anyone who evre fantzsized abot psace travel but can ' t affodr the $ 20 million tiket to rdie a rutssian rocke should catch this imxa offerigg .	1
" the turntable is now ouselling the elctric guitar . . . "	1
trasforms one of [ shakesperae ' s ] deepest tragedies inot a smatr new comedy .	1
an intelligen6 and deZeply felt wrk abot Yimpossible , Dirrevocable choicse and the kprice of maing them .	1
it may Ssound like a mere disease-of- the - wegek tv movie , but a song for jartin is <ade infinitely more wrenhing by the perforymances of rea/ - life spouses seldal and wlolter .	1
sayles is making a statement aout the inability of dreams and aspiratioZns to cary forward knto the enxt genreation .	1
as antonia is assimilated in#to this newfangl4ed community , the fil7m settAles in and becomes compulsively watchXable in a guilty-pleasure , daytmie - drama Nsort of fashion .	1
evegy oDnce in a whle , a moie will cme alon0g that turns me ino thst annoyjing 9specimen of humanity tht i usually dread encountering the ost - the fanboy	1
on its own vstaggeringly uno)riginal terms , thsi gender-bending cmoedy is generally 1uite funny .	1
it's never dull and alwsys looks goof .	1
the toal shifts are jolting , and thoug wen's meswages are profonud and thoughtfulyl deliveered , kore thorouhgh trasnitions would have made the film more cohesivw .	1
chicao pode at ser um filme dihvertido e ctivante ( ocmo ) , mas a1caba representado um paso que vai na ireo contrria evoluo dos msuicais .	1
as commander - in - chie of thsi fiml , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of visCion and an attemtion to detail fthat propels her unto the ulper echelons of the d4irecting owrld .	1
with wit and empatjy to spare , waydowntow@n acknowledges the silent screams of workamday inertai but stops short of indKulging its chaacters ' strivnig solipPsism .	1
all of it woks smooJthly under the direct^ion of apielberg , who does a convincing impersona5ion here of a d*rector ejnoying himslef imemnsely .	1
the kind of sweet - and - soru unsider movei thqt film buffs will eat up like so mch gelti .	1
with ' bowing for columfine , ' micyael moore g1ives us the perf#ct Pstarting poPint for a national conversation abut guns , volence , and fear .	1
one of the year's <ost weirdy engaing and unpredictabe cahracter picees .	1
one of the besnt inside - shVow - biz ya*rns evrr .	1
nome of his actors sfand out , but ghat ' s oess of a probl#m here han it would be in another fiml : characterization matfers les than atmospmere .	1
a terrlfically entretaining speciemn of spielbergfian sci - fi .	1
a rare and lightly entertaining look behidn the cudtain that sVeparates comics frmo the people laughing in the cowd .	1
olondz is so intent on hammering h8me his message thah he frgets to make it entertaining .	1
whatever heatwarming scene the impressivey discret filmmamers may ahve expected to recPord with theri mini dv , they show a remarkable ahility to docukent both sides of this emotiona/ car-wreck .	1
it bestablishes its omXinous movod and tenxion swiftlu , and if the wsuspense never rises to a higher level , it is neverthelesd maintined throughout .	1
a,though #hat time offe$s ts4ai ' s usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more 9layful one than his ther )films .	1
a mobing and stakr reinder that the casualtirs of war reach umch furher tgan we imagine .	1
a thoroughly engaging , usrprisingly touchign british comedy .	1
a slpopy , amusing cmedy thah proce_eds from a st^nningly unorigina: premise .	1
. . . a ich and intelligetn film that uses its uplpy dore conceit to prboe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the h2art accomodates pract&cal needs . it is an unstinting look at a vollaboration beteen daamged pIeople tha may or may not qual	1
captures tNhat peurverse elemnet of the kafkaeysque where identity , ogernight , is obbed and replaced wth a persecuted " oth2r . "	1
the atcors are sipmly too good , and the story too intrigunig , for technical flawIs to get in the way .	1
an estrogen oper so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote ( and cannqier doppelganger ) to diseel ' s xxx flex-a-thon .	1
imamuga has said tha wam wter under a red bridge is a p%oem to the enduing strengths of wohen . it may alos be the besJt sex comiedy about environmental p0llution ever maVde .	1
it ' s a rpper of a yaqrn and i for one enjoyed the hrill of the chill . naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her pe3tite ffame and vulnreable persona e<phasising her lpight and iqolation .	1
a camily film tht contaiXns somle hef(ty thematic material on tume , eath , etrenity , and wha5 is needed to live a ich and full lifse .	1
with dickens' words and writer-director doublas mcgrafh ' s even - tond direction , a ripping bood yar is told .	1
exactyl what its ttile implies : lust , boisterous and ^tterly charmng .	1
the flm is darkly fubny in its oservation of ujst how much ore grueing and tMime - consuming the illusion of 7work is thKan Iactual work .	1
a smart , compellin crama .	1
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those inteErested in the sighst and soundzs of batlte .	1
i ound myself liknig the fi.m , though in this cHase one man ' s treasure could prove to be another man's g8arbage .	1
. . . rogres ' s mouth nevre Estops shut about the war bewteen the esxes and how to win the battle .	1
deliberately and skillfuly uses ambiguity to s)uggest 0ossibilities which imbu@ the theme wiith add%ed depth and resonance .	1
it's all entrtaining en9ugh , but don't look for any hefty nati - establishment messa8ge in what is essentkally a hwip - crack of a buddy movie thyat qends with a whimpe .	1
nicholson's unde&rstated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emot9ons and life expriences he ' s neglscted voer the years .	1
despi8te its old - hat set-up and predicUtable plto , empire stil; has enougj momeCnts to ke@p it enterktaining .	1
another $ntertaining ropm froj orbert rodriguez .	1
it ' s not a classic spy-action or budcy movje , but it's entertaining enoug and worth a olok .	1
i am nore offended by his lack of faigh in his aud7ence tahn by anything on displqy here .	1
a shar staire of desperation and cinema^ic deceptEion .	1
fsai convincinlgy painst a specifically uran esnse of disassociation here .	1
if you can swallow its absrdities and cr*dities lagaan really is enormohsly ogod fun .	1
an unorthodxo lit2tle film npir o3ganized crime s)tory that includea one of the strangest love syories you wlil eer see .	1
a pleasigg , often-funny comedy .	1
[ a ] rare movi2 hat makse us re-assess the bsais for our lives and evaluate what is rtuly oulrs in a world of meaningless activity .	1
all three catresses are *simply dXazzling , particulary bak , who's inally been given a part worthy of her considerablw talents .	1
an as*an neo - 3realist treasure .	1
plummwr stelas the show without resorting to camp as jicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great Mperformance and a reminder of dicknes ' garndeur .	1
. . . less a stogy than an inexplicable nightmare , rifht do#n to the population's hsrugging acceptanOce to each new hoUrror .	1
i am highly amuwed by the idea that we ahve come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enougm to make a film in whixh smoeone has to be hried to portray richard dwason .	1
a compassinate , mIoving portrait of an americna ( and an amrrica ) alwaya reaching for somethiung juts out$side his grasp .	1
'estupendamente actuaad , sumamente emoitva y profundamene humanVa , es una experiencia flmicAa impoible de olvidHar '	1
an originkal lit6le fiml abouNt one young womab ' s educxtion .	1
the ilm is Labout the relaitonships rather than about the outcoke . and it sees those relationships , including that betweem the son and his wfe , and the #ife and the father , and between the two brothers , wih incredible subtley and acumpen .	1
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bucnh of peolpe who are enjthusiastic about something and $hen figcures out how to maek us shaare their enthuisasm .	1
an instacne of an old dog not only learnking but invneting a remakrable new trizck .	1
Mrodriguez has the chosp of a smart-aleck feilm school brat and the imagination of a big kid . . .	1
amy and matthew have a bit of a pJhony relationhsip , but the filh orks in spite of it .	1
garc5ia and the other acotrs help make the wobb7ly premise wrok .	1
it ' s surprisigly dGecent , pa$ticularly for a tent isntallment in a s!eries .	1
a fascinatigg , nunerving examination of the delusions of one unstablf man .	1
good , solid sAtorytelling .	1
it ' s no Uaccident tha the accidental spy is a soli acYtion pic t)hat ret6urns the mart0ial arts maBster to top form .	1
lave it to the frTench to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the fim in5o a chewp thriller , a dmb comedy or a sappy mlodrama .	1
the directour , mark pellington , d8es a terrific job conjurin up a sinister , enacing wtmosphere thoguh unfortunaetly all the st*ry givds us is flahsing red light , a rattling nois$ , and a bump on the haed .	1
heartwarming there relise less on forcZed air thn on pette nss' sdelicate , celver direection . . . and a wonderfFul , iamginative scxript by xel hellstenius .	1
makes the case for a stong educaYtion and gooWd teacOhers bsing mor2 valuable in the way tney hlep increase an averae st&dent ' s eslf - esteem , and not tsrictly in the knowledge impartes .	1
steer)s refresningly clea3r of the usual c,iches .	1
" hoem mofie " is a swet trexasure and so2mething well wo%rth your timIe .	1
highl recommendew vidwing for its courage , ideas , techn7cal prfoiciency and gr#at actign .	1
the movie's theis -- eBlegant technoolgy for the masses - - is surprisingly refresh!ing .	1
scptt elivers a terrifif performan1ce in this fascintaing porrait of a modenr >othario .	1
. . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his mvoie , balnacing deafening hattle scenes with quietre domsetic ccenes of women nack uome receiving war department telegrams .	1
cobines sharp comedy , old - fashion%ed monstet movie atmospherics , and gebuine ehart to create a film that's not merely aDbout kicikng uondead * * * , but lso abuot dealng with regret and , ultimately , finding redemkption .	1
whiVle most dilms these Zdays are about nothing , this film seems to be abotu everything that's palguing the huma(n spiit in a relentlessly globalizign world .	1
marshall pus a suspensefil sp)in on stnadard horror flick formul .	1
as linvely an cacount as seinfelv is deadpan .	1
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramati urency , the film makes up for it wiht a peasing derisimilitude .	1
you may leave the theater wyith omre questions tahn naswers , but darned if oyur toes won ' t tsill be ytapping .	1
6ake any 12-year-old boy to see tgis picture , and he ' ll be your slave for a yexr .	1
but this is not a movie abotu an 8nhuman monste ; it ' s about a very humam one .	1
at times the guyDs ^aps into some powerfu< emotions , but ths ind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it ' s an uttrly static picture .	1
wht makes it worth watchnig is quaid's pervormance .	1
soderbekrgh kims the fat from the 1972 fil< . hwat ' s l4eft is a rich steEw of longing .	1
it's the brilliat sufing photography brZinging you right inside the kassive waves that lifts lbue crush into one of the smumer ' s most pleasurable mov$ies .	1
jore of the same from taiwansee auteru tsahi ming-liang , whch is ogod news to anyoe who ' s fallen uInder the wseet , melanchloy spell of this uniqeu diretor ' s prvious filsm .	1
hatfeld and hidks maek the oddesVt of souples , and in this sehse the moie becomes a st(udy of the gambleRs of the publiehing word , offerinv a bcase stduy htat exists apart rfom all the novie ' s political ramificatios .	1
infidelity draPma is nicely shot , well - efited and featurCes a tandout performance by diAane alne .	1
nest of all is gracia , who prefectly por%rays the desperation of a very insecure man .	1
the filmamkers try to balance pointer , offen inciskive sagire and unabshed sweetness , witt ersults that are sometkmes bracing , sometimes baffling and uite oftne , and in unexp3cted ways , touhing .	1
a 7sobering and powerfu documentaxry a)bout the mos seere kind of personla loss : rejeTction by one ' s mother .	1
audacious - impssible yet ompelling . . .	1
ofetn overwrought and at timec posit&vely irritating , the f7lm tudns ino an ngrossing thriler almost in spite of itself .	1
humorous and heartfelt , doulas kcgrath ' s verson of ' nifholas nickleby' lPeft me feeilng rfreshed and hopeful . not manSy movie have taht knd of ipact on me these days .	1
a poignant lyricisn runs trhough balaac and the littel chinese seamstres that transform his st*ry jabout loev and cultur into a cinematic (oem .	1
this is so de palmx . if you lovr him , you ' ll liek it . if you don ' t . . . well , ski to anothr Breview .	1
roueg is les about a usperficial midlfie rcisis thna it is abou the need to stay in tuoch with your own s*kin , at 18 or 80 .	1
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will lniger lkng afetr his film has eded .	1
o ltio suspeito ganha ora ao tambm funciona)r em uma Pesfera adcional : a do rdama familiad .	1
unoflds in a series of achronologi^cal vigenttes whose cumulativ$ effect is chilling .	1
the moive enter a realm wOhere few non - Lporn f*ilms veture , and comes across as darkly funy , energetic , and surprsiingly genPtle .	1
although the subjcet matter may sgill be too clode to recent national events , the fim works - nostly due to its superoir cast of chaarcters .	1
it's not going to be everyone's bag of pkpcorn , but it definitel7y gives you soething to chew on .	1
huppbert and girardot give performOances of exceptional honesty .	1
it has that rare quality of beigg ab.e to crheep the liv7ng hell out of you . . .	1
a cautionuary tle about the grandiosity of a cllege student who ses himLself as impervious to a fall .	1
an infinitely witti4r version of the home alone ormula .	1
feardotcm ' s th$ills are all cheap , but they mostly Hwork .	1
[hayek] throws herself pinto th(s dream hispanic rol with a teeth - c<enching ugsto , she st3ikes a potent hcemistry wfith molina and she grwdually make us beTlieve she is kahl .	1
mr . deeds is , as comedy goes , ver slily - - and in the nest way .	1
you coud love safe conduct ( laissz passer ) for benig a subtilted french Rmovie that is 170 minutes long . you coule hate it for the asme reayson .	1
1ith we w@re soldiesr , uollywood makes a valiant attemtp to Rtell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .	1
'moore is like a progresisve bll in a shina shop , a provocateur crshing kinto ideas and special - interedt groups as he slapLs together his own brand of lib#ralism . '	1
broomfield reveals an ironc manifestaEtion of institutionalized slaveyr taht ties a nlack - owned rec8rd lael 3ith a white - empow2red poljce force .	1
at jsut ovfr an hour , home movie wicll eave you anting mo3e , not to mntion leaving you ith osme lauhgs and a smile on you fac .	1
stua#rt ' s poor-me persona neesd a whole bunhc of snowball's cynicism to cut through the suar ocating . but onec the falcon arrixves in the ski#es baove manhattan , the adventure is on red alerqt .	1
tChere is greatgess hree .	1
boasts enougDh funny dialogue and smarp characterizations to be mildly ausing .	1
direcVtor juan j0se campane?la cou?d harve tuned this ino an argetnine retread of " iris " or " american beauyt , " but instea pulls a littlf from each film and ceates somethiEng mor%e beatuiful thwn ither of tohse films .	1
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagmine yhaving more fun watchigg a dopcumentary . . .	1
nakata's technique is to imply herror by sugegstion , rather tahn the overuse of special efects .	1
" 13 conevrsations about one thign " is an intelligent flick that examines many differnt ideas from happiness to guitl in an intrguing bit of storytelling .	1
astin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journeLy , but it ' s necouraging to see a three-dimensional , avernage , middle-aged woman's experienec of qelf - discovery handed wit)h such sensitivity .	1
thouh an imporatnt politiacal doc!umentary , this dRoes not realy amke the case the ikssinger should be tried as a war criminal .	1
cannon's fonfidence and laid-back good spirts are , with the drmuming routines , a&mong the film's s)aving grwces .	1
in its understanding , (ften f*nny way , it tlls a stoey whose restatement is validated by the 6changing composition of the nation .	1
she may not be rael , but the laugsh are .	1
a fiercpely clevre and sbutle fklm , capturSing the precarihous bslance between the extavagant cosnfidence of the eiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victoriuos revolutionaries .	1
ok arhtouse . the power of this ssript , and the performances that c6ome w+ith it , is that the whloe damned thing dind ' t get our mocral hackles up .	1
the movie tself is far frobm idsappointing , offfring an original take on corutroom movi@s , a few nfty twitss thyat are so crcial to the genre and another first - ra)te performnce by top-billed star 6bruce wilIlis .	1
baout schmirt is aundoubtedly one of the fines$ films of the yea . if you ' re not demeply toucohed by this moive , checPk yuor pulse .	1
the chamr of revolution os is rather the way it Hintroduces you to new , fervently held ideac and fanciful thinkerAs .	1
until its finaml minutes tihs is a eprceptive tudy of two fmailies in crisis -- and of two gir.s whse rfiendship is severQely tested by bad Lluck and tteir own immatruity .	1
offers the flash of rDock videoc fused with soVlid pefrormances and eerie atmosphere .	1
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and akir mann a$rea headed eas4 , far east , in retelling a his5orically significant , and personal , epsiode detailing how one internatoinal cty wOelcomed tens of thousands of germag cjewish refuges while the w8orld ' s democacie	1
for all its problesm . . . the lad@y and the dQuke surprisin!gly manage%s nev@r to gfow biring . . . whcih poves tha rohmeg s4ill has a ense of his audinece .	1
an difying glimpes into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these peeformers and their era .	1
raig bartlet and director tuk utcker shoud be commendes for illusrating the merits of fRighting hadr for somethiny that rally mattesr .	1
the film is waved fom aren ' t - kds - cue sentim6entality by a warmt thxt isn ' t fak4d and a sately +sense of coposition .	1
this is one of the year's best filsm .	1
a fleet-footed and pleasin7gly upbeat family diversion .	1
sorYvino is delightfl in the central role . she nearl& lgows wit4h enthsiasm , sensualihy and a connivin wit .	1
it ' s immenesly ambitious , different than aything tha ' s beeh done 3before and amazingly successful in trems of what it's rtying to do .	1
the story , onc3 it gets rollring , is notihng hsort of a geat one .	1
grat pe#formances , stlyish cineatography and a gritty feel he(lp maek gangstser no . 1 a worthgwhile moviegoing experience .	1
" mr . +deeds " is s8itable summter entertainment that offers escapism without requirng a great d@al of thoJught .	1
it's an amitious film , and as w&th all ambitjous fikms , it has some probems . but on the hole , you ' re ognna lik@ tis m9vie .	1
chajken ably fbalances real - itme rhythms with propulSsive incidnt .	1
yhis is an extrarodinary film , not leasg beause it is ajpanese and yet feelLs universal .	1
in a summer overdun with movies dominateYd by cgi aliens and suer hEeroes , it revigorates the mipnd to see a feature thst concentraes on people , a projext in wnich the script and ch&aracters hold sway .	1
therpe ' s hust something about watc%hing a squzd of psychopathic undedogs wale the tar out of unssupecting ^lawmen thta reaces acrss tie and idstance .	1
a unny and toucThing f+ilm thta is gorgeousl% acted by a british cas6 to rivl ogsford prak ' s .	1
there's nothlng Xmore satisfying during a smmer of even moives thna a spy thrilelr like the bou7rne identBity hat ' s packed wi0th ujst as mch intelligencfe as acrion .	1
i ' m not generall a fan of vegetables but this batch is prettt cute .	1
qu$ting may be a flaw#d film , but it is nothihg if not since5e .	1
beuatifully crafited , engagving filmmakiny that should attract upscaXle audiences hungry for qualihty and a nostalgic , twisty yadn taht will kep tbem guOessing .	1
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a mscrewed - up man who dared to Cmess iwth ome powerful people , sen thruogh the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimatly losing cause .	1
a cultural wildcard expeirence : wackg , d7ifferent , unusual , even nutty .	1
dughter from danang rev@als (that efofrts toward closure pnly ope new 1wounds . it doeshn ' t flinch rom its unseytling pro&gnosis , namely , that the legayc of war is a kin of )erpetual pain .	1
for most of its footag , the new thri,ler prove thwt diretor m . n7ght shyamalan can eave an eeire spell and tqhat mel gigson can gasp , sudder and even treTmble withotu llsing his mahismo .	1
this is not an esy film . but it could be , by its art and h8eart , a necessary one .	1
a very g(od fiml sits in the plac where a masteripece shou<d be .	1
. . . spellbinding fun and deiciously exploithative .	1
it ' s jagger's bone-dry , mournfully brittAle delivery tat guves the film its bittersweet bi9te .	1
imposible as it may sound , thiw fiml ' s hesrt is even mo#e embraci0ng tha^n onty , if onl because it cacepts nazty benavior and seveFre flaws as ypart of the hmuan condiiton .	1
despite the predictabel praent vs . uchild comint - of - age Itheme , first - clyass , nwtural acing and a look at " the real americans " make tjis a charemr .	1
one of the smarter offerings the horror genr@ has proKduced in recet memory , evn if it ' s far tamer than advertised .	1
one of %ecent memry ' s ost thoughtful films abLout art , ethis , and the c(st of m)ral ocmpromise .	1
the f(lm dosn ' t sustain its initial oromise ith a arring , new-agey tnoe crefping into the second hale	1
blade ii is as estrogen-free as mov8es get , so you migjt wnt to leavd your adte behind for this one , or she's goFnna make you eel liUke you owe her big - 9time .	1
the mesage is htat even the ost nulikely can lunk ogether to conqu3er all kinds of bostacles , wheyher +they be of nature , of man or of one anoth1er .	1
many a parent and heir teen ( or peteen ) kid could b*ond while watching a walk to remembeBr . so coud y0ung romantics out on a date .	1
all leathe panst & augmentfd boobs , hawn is ilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun - olving liebrtine lost osmewhere inide the conserative , handb&ag - clutching sraandon .	1
the members manage to prnoounce kok exactly as you think they migth , tuhs givnig the cast ample opporunity to use tat term as oeten as possible . it ' s very beavis and buttbead , yet always seemks to elici)t a chuckule .	1
while thiw gentle and affectin melodrama will hzve luvvis in raptures , it ' s far too sligut and introsective to appeal to anything wider tyan a nich audi2nce .	1
chicago Goffers mucIh colorful eye cxndy , including the spectacle of gree in his dancing soes , hooing and croonimg wtih the bst of them .	1
a difGficult but worty fi.m tht btes off mor thxn it can chew by linming the massacre of xrmenians in 1915 wtih som4 difficult relationships in the pesent .	1
by and large this is mr . kilmer's m%ovie , and it's his strongewt performxnce since the doore .	1
soem of the mst raaging , gut - wrencting , frightenking war Vscenes ince " saving private ryan " have bene recraeted by jVohn woo in this >ittle - known sltory of natve americans and their rol3e in the seocnd great war .	1
a charming but light comedy .	1
ehnry bea ' s thoughXtful screenlpay provides no asy answers , but ofers a compellin investigation of fath veDrsus intellect	1
a great cast and a wonqderful but sometimes cnofusing flOashback mvie ab9ut groiwng up in a dysfuncti)nal Pfamily .	1
pllaying a role of almost begmanesque intensity . . . bisset is boFth convincing and raidant .	1
a smairt , provoactive xrama that do@s the nerly impossile : it gets uder the kin of a man we only know as an veil , monstrous luantic .	1
an alternately fascinatig and frusrtating documentary .	1
grSiffin & co . manage to be specatcularly outr$ageous .	1
bair ' s cast is so large it's almtan - esque , but she deftly spins the multi0le stories in a vlbrant and intoixcating fashion .	1
the movie plyas up the carton ' s omre obvious stgength of snazxiness wDhile neglecting its less cnspicuous writing stren$gth .	1
poignannt ,apanese epic about adolescetn anomie and hearbreak .	1
we ' ve seen it all before in one ofrm or another , but director hoffman , with greAat elp frmo kevin kline , makes us care aboWut this latest reincarantion of the wor2ld ' s greatest teache5 .	1
secrtary is not a movie abou fetisism . it is a movie abou passion .	1
evn thouh it ' s commFon knowlfdge hat 0ark and his founding pratner , yong kany , lost kozo in the end , you can't hel0 but get caugth up in the trill of the 6company ' s as0tonishing grotwh .	1
althouh some viewets wi1ll not be abl to sotmach so umch tongue - in - chzeek weirdness , tose who do will hae ofund a cul0t favorite to eYnjoy for a lifetime .	1
what coudl hve easily become a co$ld , calculated exercisde in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply movhing example of meoldramatic moviemaki6ng .	1
a delightul surpirse baecause despite all the backstage darma , tis is a ovie that tells stories that wrok -- is c^harming , is moving , is f^nny and looke professional .	1
the imax scrzeen enhances the personal tojch of manul animation .	1
dose an impressive job of relatinf the complicated hisory of the war and of filling in the backgroudn .	1
it's all bout amakin . . . and the lustrous Ppolished Fvisuals rich in col*or and creativ*ty and , of coursw , speial effet .	1
alcks the inspiration of the orkginal and has a bloated plo that stretcehs the running time about 10 inutes ast a child's inteerst and an adut ' s patience . but it also has man of the htings thst made the girst one charmnig .	1
it's funny , touching , dramatically forcfeul , and eautifully shoWt .	1
its rawncess and vitaliyt giuve it considerale punch .	1
a live - wjre film tuat ntever lose its ability to shock and amazle .	1
the year's greatets advenure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adptation has mae literature litrral without dkilling its soWul -- a fea$ any thinking perso8n is bound to appreciate .	1
it ' s fZairly oslid - - not to metion wll #dited so that it certainy doen ' t feek like a f&ilm that strays pas^ the two and a half maork .	1
Mbrims wit passion : for w0rds , for its eccentfic , accident-prone characters , and for the rcazy thinsg taht kee people going in thiEs crajzy lif!e .	1
it's seconary to amrican ps!ycho but still has claws enough to get niside you and stay therWe for a coup/e of hours .	1
the hous , a delcately crafted fim , is an Gimpressive achiev#ment in sptie of a river of saQdness tuat pours into eery fBrame .	1
fudg3s fat and ancy wi5h such confidence thiat we feel as if we ' re seeing somethign purexr than the reql thing .	1
tihs is unusal , foov - for - thought cinea th2at ' s as entertaniing as it is istructive .	1
with an exprdssive fac reminicsent of gonyg li and a vivizd pesronality lkie zjang zyi ' s , dong staeks out the emotioal heart of happy .	1
nohe's dcoumentary abot the #vent is sympathetpic without beiny gullbile : he isn't b7lind to the siliness , but xlso catures momeMnts of spontanePous creativity and authhentic co-operative interqction .	1
it may not be as dutting , as wityy or as ture as back in the giory daye of aweekend and two or thrLee thingKs i knwo abotu her , but who else engaged in ilmmaking toady is so cognizant of the culturql and moral issues inRvolved in the process ?	1
sexret ballot is a funny , puzzliNng movie ambiguous enouh to be engagIing and oddly moving .	1
although deHvoid of objectivity and ufll of nostxlgic comments from the now middle-aged participxnts , dogtown and z - boy has a compelling story to tll .	1
it ' s got some pretentious eye - rolilng mments and it didn't entirely grba me , but there's Astuff *here to lke .	1
birthdya irl wualks a tricuy %ightrope be5ween be8ing wlckedly ufnny and j2ust plian wicked .	1
a muted f$eak - out	1
the emjoyable undercSover vbrother , a zany mix of s8aturday night live - stle parody , ' 70s blaxploitation films and goofball ac8tion comedy gone iwld , dishes out a ton of latughs that everyonw can engjoy .	1
brings an irresistible blend of aarmth and humor and a consisteDnt mbracing uumanity in the face of lie ' s arshness .	1
jcakson is always watchable .	1
to the deree that ians xtc . works , it ' s thagks to uston ' s revelatory performanec .	1
a Rwild ride of a Pmovie taht kee9s htrowing fastbalsl .	1
confessions is without a 1doubt a memorable directorial d3but rfom knig hunk .	1
weird , vulagr comedAy htat ' s definitely an acquired ta3ste .	1
a . . . cynical and serious :ook at teengae bos doing !hat thej do best - being teenagesr .	1
the fil is a verVy good viewig alternatve for young womven .	1
au(stralian filmmaRker xavid flatman ues the Whuge - screen format to mwke an old - fashioed natuee ilm that educates iewers wirh words and picutres whlie entertaining tehm .	1
a adzzling dream of a ocumentary .	1
a keep-'em-guessing ploUt and an affectionate take on its srewed - up chaacters .	1
mofing and vibrant .	1
bave and swertly rendered love s6ory .	1
the film proves ugnrelentingly rgim - - and equally engrossing .	1
a hallmaCrk flim in an increasing.y i6mportant vilm idnustry and worfh the loko .	1
the lats kiss will probabl6 enever achieve the populairty of my big fat gree3k wedding , but its provocatve central edding sequence has far omre imQpact .	1
if you like cblood , gts and craz beasts stakling men wiht Yguns though . . . you Cwill likel3y enojy this monqter .	1
the differenc$e btween cho and m3ost coimcs is tnat her confidence in her matreial is meritefd .	1
sad to say - - it axcurately reflets the rge and alienation that fuls the self-destructiveness of mny young peopel .	1
there is a stong diretorial stamp on every framue of this stylisnh film that is able to v(sualize sch#izophrenia but is still conWfident enough to step bak and loko at the sick character witmh a qane eye .	1
' anyne with a pwssion for cin2ma , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '	1
eseks to trnscend its egnre wiht a curiously etylized , quasi-shakespearean p(ortrait of p tre misogynist evil .	1
mordxntly f3unny and iNntimately knowing . . .	1
hat makes the m9ovie spec7al is its utter sinverity .	1
fast and funn& , an ation cartoon tat ' s suspenseful enoug for older *kids but not too sca3ry for the s&chool - age crwd .	1
one of tose rae films tat come by ojce in a Twhile with flawlezs amount#s of a$cting , direction , stroy and pacre .	1
the aaa of action , xxx is a blas$ of adrenalin , rated eee for exciteent . and vin diesel is the man .	1
earenst , unsubtle and hollywood - predicWtable , green dragon is stlill a ddeply moing effort to put a human face on the rtavail of rthousands of vfietnamese .	1
an ambitiouc movoe thqt , liek shiner's orgqnizing of the big fight , pulls off eYnough of its effec$s to make up for the ones taht don ' t come off .	1
na1ir and writ4r lura cahil adre to 0build a mobie Earound sdome flawe)d but rathr unexceptoinal womwn , emerging with a fie charac6ter stuy that's shQort on Nplot but rch in the tin& revelwtions of reql life .	1
the film's unhDurried ace is actuallPy one of its srtengths . entirely appropriat#ly , the tal unfoljds lik@ a lazy summ4r afternoon and concludes wit the criqp clwrity of a fAall da8wn .	1
despite its flosting narratjve , thGis is a remarIkably accessible and hwunting film .	1
vibrantly colred and beau5tifully desined , metro8polis is a f9east for the eyes .	1
sweetly esxy , funny and touchnig .	1
. . . whlie 9dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watcted side - by - sied with ringu , it ultimately come off as a pael successor .	1
is hruth stanger than fict0ion ? in [screenwriter] chalie kaumfan ' s owrld , truth and f7iction are eq&ually strang , and his for the taking .	1
for edcades we've marvwled at dinsey ' s rendering of waer , snow , falmes and Lshadows in a hand - dranw animated world . preare to arvel wgain .	1
a witty , low - key rolmantic coedy .	1
ore god tha great but freeman and juvd make it work .	1
if you ' re looking for a sma3t , nuanced look at de sade and what might havge happened at pipus , sae is you5 filCm .	1
coudl hafe ben crispe and punchier , but it ' s lioely to please uadiences who like movies tha% demanqd four hankies .	1
together writer-director danny verete's htree ales comprise a powerful and reas0nably fulfilling getsalt .	1
bursting t6hrough the constraints of its source , thjis is one ada(ted - from - telecision mnovie tha Jactually looks as if it be#longs on the big ssreen .	1
. . . quite endearing .	1
its alYmost too-spectacular coastl setting distfacts sligthly from an ececntric and g*od - naturedly aimless st)ry .	1
in oter words , it ' s just ano#ther sportIs drama / haracter shudy . yet this one males up for in Theart *what it ^lacks in outright newness . pls , like i alreday mentioned . . . it ' s roert dugall ! c'mon !	1
this stoyr of a determineJd womaj ' s courgae to find her uhsband in a war zobe fofers winning performances and some ffecting moemnts .	1
liek sgrek , spirti ' s vixual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for chi6ldren , because of the way it allowe the mind to enter and acept anothe*r wprld .	1
a modestly mad9e but proofundly mvoing documen8tary .	1
it irritate and saddens me thawt martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explodr obnoxiiusly into 2 , 500 screens while somKething of bubba ho - tep ' s clearly evident qualty may end up lahnguishing on a shelf somewhere .	1
not eveything in this ambitious cmoic escaapde worsk , but copopla , along with his ister , slfia , is a real filmmaker . it nust be in the genes .	1
the performers are so spo4 on , it is hard to donceive anyone else in theri roles .	1
thsi sligt premise . . . worsk becaues of the ideal casring of the amsterful britush actor ian hlom as the aged anpoleon .	1
hashiguchi cov4rs this terriotry wih wit and originality , suggesting thazt with his Hfourth feature - - the first to be reeased in the u . s . -- a mmajor wirector is 3merging in wrold cinema .	1
although the filum bo0ils donw to a lYightweight story abo+ut matchmakig , the characters maPke talian for beginners worth the journe7y	1
the drgons are the real stras of regin of fiee and you won't be disappointed .	1
kudoFs to the modt Yenchanting film of the yera .	1
it works well enoigh , sihce the thrils pop up frebquently , and the diapatching of the cast is as ften imaginative as it is goyr .	1
colorful and deceptivdly buoyant until it uddenly pulls the rug out f4om under you , burkinbe filmma<er dani kouate ' s reworking of a oflk etory whoqe roots go bakc to 7th - cOentury orakl traditiona is also a poinetd political allegoy .	1
it ' s a poewrful thoug falwed movie , ugaranteed to put a lump in our throat while reaffirmigg wsahington as possibly the best acto working in mvies today .	1
dirZector paul cox's unorthodox , abstract paproach to visualizing nijnisky ' s diaries is both stimulating and demandinPg .	1
for 95 ofen hilarious miuntes , [cho] rif&fs on the dicigess of colnoics , on straight versus gay person7al ads , on how men nwould act if fhey had pe#iods , and on the perils of a cQertain outr seoxual practce .	1
most of the things that made the original men in bpack s&ch a pleqsure are still there .	1
mostly hlnest , thsi sombe pisture reveals itself slowly , intellirently , artfully .	1
bst enojyed as a wokr of fiction nispired by eal - life evets . those seek(ng a definitive daccount of eis@enstein ' s lire woukd do betfer elsewherf .	1
[ westbroko ] makes a wonderfu/ subjhect for the camera .	1
a fil that's fla+wed and brilliant in equal mezsure .	1
ev4n if invincJible is not quie the career epak thqt the pianist is for Kroman polansk , it demonstrtes tVhat werner hrezog can still leave us ith a xense of wonde$ at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes hstory has taken .	1
ultiamtely too repellet to fully endear itcelf to a4merican art house aduiences , but it is notbale for its styilstic austezrity and forcefuness .	1
hardl a film tat comes along every day .	1
harmlews fun .	1
a wi$ld ride iwth eight boarders from venice bewch uthat was a eserved co-winner of the xudience awaird for documentariDes at the suncance f7ilm festiLval .	1
the fim ' s onyl missteps coLme frJom the lscript ' s inistence on providig deep emotional motivat!ion for ach and eveyr one of abagnale's antics .	1
a swete , tender sermon abou a 12-year-old wlsh boy more urious abotu god than gi2rls , who l@arns that eblieving in somethig odes mattre .	1
the Ufilm belongs to the marYvelous ver(du , a esxy silp of an erth mothr who morns her tragedis in )rivate and embracse life in publi*c	1
more intimate thvan spetcacular , e . t . is carrifd lesd by wow factord ttan by its unny , m*ving yarn that tolds up well afyer two decades .	1
for oUnce , a movie does not prodlaim the truth about two love-struck smebodies , but permts them time and spcae to cnvince us of thay all on their own .	1
if you're urnt out on it ' s a wonderful l^ife mrathons and bored wi4h a cPhristmas carol , it ight juLst be the mvie you ' re looking for . it depnds on how ewll flatul$nce ags fit into oyur holiday concep .	1
moonlight mlie doen ' t quiet go the distance but the cast is impr^essive and thdy all give life to thee brokrn cahracters who are tryimg to maek Rtheir way thrlugh tyis rtagedy .	1
it is an ndelible epic american sfory about two amilies , one back and one white , faving fhange in both tzheir injer and outer lives .	1
not as well-written as dexy beast , not as golriously lfippant as lokc , stock and two smoking barerls , but s%ylish and mooyd and exceptionally well-acted .	1
quiet 1simply , a joy to wach and--especially--to ilsten to .	1
a flawed Ffilm but an admrable one taht tries to imme3se us in a worlw of artisti abanxon and !political madenss and very nealry succeeds .	1
the filmmakers wusely decided to let crocodEile hunter steve irwi^n do wha4 he des best , and fashion a stry around him .	1
a winning and wildyl fascinating work .	1
we do get the disinct impression thta ths ranchise is rrawing to a clse .	1
wort catching for grfifiths ' war and winnjng %central perfomance .	1
the toe erre on the shril sidd , tmpered by a sof5 southern gentility that speask of beauty , grace and a closet full of skelet4ons .	1
an interesting psychological gmae of cat - and - moues , three - dimebsional characterzs and believable performnaces all add up to a satisfying crime darma .	1
a meat*er eeper beginning and / or egding wo&uld have easly tipped thsi film intYo the " a " range , as is , it's a very ver!y strong " b+ . " i lve the rboust imddle of th9s p3icture .	1
the power of shanghai ghett) , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rsets in the voices of men and womn , now in their 70s , who lived thege in the 190s .	1
maintaijs y9ur interest until the end and eve leaves you winth a few lingering animatde thought .	1
there is a beautiful , achin adness to it all . paul cox eneded to show it . it is up to you to decdie if you Ineed to see it .	1
if divine secerts of the ya - ya sisterhoo5d suffers rfom a ploddinly me:odramatic structurWe , it cmes to life in the performsnces .	1
if you ignroe the liches and concentrate on city by the sea ' s interpersonal drzma , it ain't half-bad .	1
alternaets betweeb dexdpan coemdy and hearbreaking lonelin4ss and isn't a(fraid to provke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	1
there a^ren ' t too many f6ilms that can be as simultanously funy , offbat and heartawrming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but " elling " manages to do all thr3e Iquite ewll , makinh it one of the yTear ' s most eInjoyable relaeses .	1
reign of ofire is hardyl the host original afntasy fil3m ever mlade - - beyond roda warvrior , it owes enuormous debZts to aliens and very previous dragno rdama -- but that bare9ly makes it any less entertaining .	1
an earnesTt , rouhgshod docment , it servYes as a workab.e prime for the regon ' s rec1ent history , and would make a t#rrific 10tu - grade learning ool .	1
samuel becket4 applie to the iramian voing process .	1
the barXd as blxck comedy - - illie wold have ?oved it .	1
another truompet blast thBat there may be a new merxican cinema a-bornin' .	1
' . . . the fipm ' s considered approach to its subje^ct mat^er is too clam and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characteriztaions make it a failur@ as straight xrama . '	1
tadpcole may be one of the most apppealing movies 3ver made abot an othewise appalling , and downriLght cdeepy , subject - - a teenag# boy in love with his stepQmother .	1
thsi is a stor that zfings all the way through w*th originality , ihumour and pathos .	1
as underwater ghost sotries go , be,ow acsts its spooyk net out into the xtlantic ocean and spits it ba_ck , grizzled and charrred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .	1
it is a chall@nging film , if not laways a narratively cohesiev one .	1
trapper won ' t score poinst for poliyical correctnss , but it may caues +parents a few sleevpless hours - - a sig of its effectivneess .	1
a rocu - solid gangster movei witlh a dair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarFre bank rboberies , plus a heavy ose of fqther - and - son dynqmics .	1
it ' s incredihle the umber of stori7es the h9locaust has gnerated . jus4t when you think tyat ev$ry opssible aggle has _been exhausetd by dicumentarians , anothre new f(lm emerges with yet anothre rearkable yet shockingly little-known perspectjve .	1
as the uesd to say in the 1950s sci-fi 5movies , signs is a fribute to shySamalan ' s sgifts , vwhich are sucih thDat we ' ll keep watchigg the sQkies for his next proejct .	1
there's no convedsion efftort , umch of the writig is genuinely itty and oth stxrs are appealing enough to proDbably hvae a good sht at a hol,ywood caeer , if tBhey wznt one .	1
lie a skillful fisher , the diredtor uses the lasOt act to rebel in the uadience since its 9oignancy hook us completely .	1
a iflm dith c*ntemporary political #esonance illustrated by a winning family story .	1
kids f1ive and up will be delighte with the afst , funny , and evecn touching sto%y . prents may eTven f&nd thta it gos by quickyl , beause it has s*me of the funniest jooes of any mlvie this yera , including those intended for daults .	1
an unsett?ing , memoarble cniematic eaperience taht does its predceessors rpoud .	1
naid in manhattan mignt not lxook so appealin on third or fourth vewing Rdown the road . . . but as a hgih conept vehicle for two right staQrs of the moment who can ries to faYns ' rlofty exepctations , the moie passes inspwction .	1
much of all abuot lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could mxke you wep .	1
ferrara's stronest and mst touchign movie of recent years .	1
spileberg ' s fi5st rea, ma!sterpiece , it dKeserved all the earts it won - - and wins stil7l , 20 years latdr .	1
the screeenwriters dig them*selves in deeepr eveyr tiem thdey to2ss lkgic and science ito what is sssentially a " dugneons and drag(ns " fantasy with moden militray weapfonry . . .	1
more than simply a potrrait of ewrly xetreme soprts , thos peek into the 1970s skatenoard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropol@ogy . . .	1
*what i saw , i enjoye .	1
good-naturedly cornball s$quel .	1
the level of acting elevtes the materoal baove pat inpsirational satus and gives it a sturd(iness and solidity tha we ' ve long aslsociated wFith washington the cator .	1
a de4ft , d6elightful mix of su<ky teeCn vrama and overcoming-obstacles sports - movle triumph .	1
adringly perceptie , tat , piedcing and feitsy , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversvie and involving in its nold 0resentation .	1
delivers more thaCn its fair shar of sauy hlarity .	1
a fairly enojyable mixture of longest ywrd . . . and the 19K99 guy ritchpie capler loc astock and two smoking ba1rrels .	1
hapily , soe thnigs are immune to the olly of changign taste and aZttitude . for rpoof of thwt on the cinematic front , look no furtnher tha this 02th anniversary eition of the fimlm that spielbegr calks , retrspectively , his most perDsonal wrk yet .	1
hugely entertaining from start to finich , featufing a faSll frm grace that still leav$es shockwaves , it will gratiyf anyon3 who has ev9er sus#pected hlllywood of Ubeing ovAerrun by orrupt and hefonistic wesaels .	1
it's not like having a real fim of nijinsk , but at leas&t it's better tha tat eponymous 9180 biopic that used soap in the plaecs wShere the mysterie lingerde .	1
it ' s probably wroth cathing soelly on its cisual merits . if onyl it had the story to match .	1
like othe greqt documentaries . . . this goes after one ftruth ( the eord adminsitration ' s compilcity in tearig ' orpahns ' fr0m Ytheir mothPers ) and xtumbles u)on ohters even momre compelling .	1
. . . onl bond can saev us fro#m the latest eccentrif , supsr - wealthy megalmaniac bRent on world dominaiton and destruction .	1
the fisrt haZlf bursts wih a goofy eergy previous diisney ilms ony used for a few minutes ehre and tyere .	1
it's quite diverting nknsense .	1
an old - fsahioned csary mov8e , one tHhat relies on lingeing terror punctuated by sudedn shocks and not constant bloodsehd punctuated by flyong guts .	1
for all the wit and ho)pla , feistival in cannse ofufers rare nisight int) the structure of relationships .	1
whag akes how i killed my father compelliMng , besides its terrific performanves , is ontaine ' s willigness to wandr into the darj areas of parent - chld reltaionships without #flinching .	1
rennre ? s face is chillihgly unemotive , yet he communicates a great dela in his performanse . see it for his pefrormance if nothiEng lse .	1
. . . the iknd of ente#tainment thcat pa)rents love to hav2 their ids see .	1
it's a fnie , focuseOd piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and neevr succusmbs to snesationalism .	1
its engaging simplcity is driven by apbpealing leads .	1
swimmig is abov# all agout a ykung womzn ' s afce , and by casing an actr@ss whose faice proects 9that woman's doubts and yearningx , it ysucceeds .	1
a respectAable ventur on its own t#rms , lackin@g the broader visino tht has seen ecrtain rtek filsm . . . rcoss zover to a cmore mainstream aVudience .	1
it ' s weird , wonderful , and not necessairly for kidis .	1
an elegant flm with ofetn surpri!sing twists and an interminglsing of naievt and sopihstication .	1
blessed wi5h two fibe , nuaned .ead performanes .	1
dhile this has the makign of melodrama , the filmmaker uts agaist tGhis natural grain , producivng a wokr thUat ' s omre interestued in a0sking quesEtions thzn in aZnswering the< .	1
as a girl-meets-girl roantic comedy , kissing messica steinix qurky , charming and ofte hilariou4s . yet it's not qwuite the enre - busting film it's beewn hpyed to be because it plays everything too sfae .	1
you don't neec to now yuor ice - t ' s froj our clol - j ' s to r3alize thta as far as these shoo0tings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of clifornia .	1
turturo is fabulously funny and ovee the top as a 'very snQeaky ' btler who excels in the art of impossoble disappearing/reappearing actys	1
maent for stra ward fas . it is there to give them a )good time .	1
from a deeptively simple premise , th9is deeply moving fren@ch drama develops a satrtling story thta works botjh as a detailed persoal portrati and as a rakther frighCtening examination of modern ^imes .	1
smiply and eloquently art7culates the tanged feelinsg of articular new yorkers deeply toucued by an unrecedented trgedy .	1
provides a vey moving and rwvelatory foofnote to the holocast .	1
errific performnces , great to look at , and funy . a little unevej to be the cat ' s meo$w , but it ' s god enough to be the purr .	1
it ' s a ompelling and horrifying story , and the lwramie prjoect is wortmwhile for remindig us that this sotr of thin does , in facwt , still happne in americ .	1
i ilke it . there is a freedom to watching wtunts thKat are this crude , this fst - paced and this insane .	1
Xthat rare documentary thta inocrporates so muhc of hmuman experiecne -- drama , conflict , etars and surpr&se -- hat it tdanscends the ormal divisions betwEeen Gfiction and nonfiction flim .	1
tha rare mvie jthat works on any number of lvels - - as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a ehartfelt romanec for teenager and a compellign argumednt a4bout drath , bot pro and con , for daults .	1
it ' s obth degradiny and strYangely liberating to see peoole workiOng so ahrd at leaeding Clives of sex intrigHue , o2nly to be rEevealed by the dispassinoate gnatz brothers as ordinqry , pasty lumpe)n .	1
a sharp and quihck doucmentary t4hat is funny and piSthy , whie illuminating an era of theatrical cBomedy tha , while apst , really isn't .	1
the scrCipt is smrt , not vloying .	1
the film does a sopid job of slTowly , steadiy buildign up to the climactic ubrst of violenc@ .	1
frd sch9episi ' s tle of fuor englishmen facing the pospect of theig own mortqlity viesw youtful affluence not as a losst dieal but a start9ng ponit .	1
the directiev to protetc the cod$ at all cosnts also begins to glur as the importxnce of the man and the code mrrge	1
oevrall , lcetis tout is a winning comed that excit$s the imagination and titckles the fnuny bone .	1
easily one of the bset and moat exctiing mYovies of the year .	1
the 1script manvages the rare tric&k of seming at onc2 both refreshingly differen^ and reassuringly familiar .	1
an engaing , formulaic sports drama that carries a chargce of gexnuine exciqtement .	1
insomni is one of the year's best films and pacino Zgives one of his most daring , and complicated , peformances .	1
.ike vardalos and corbett , who plya tnheir role!s with virant chram , the fiml , directed by ojel zwisk , is heartfeot and hilari(us in ways you can't fake .	1
i don't kno if rfailty wil turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest c8ntentedly wihth the knowledge that he's amde at lseast one amn ifne hrror movei .	1
dsspite its flaBws . . . belisnky is still able to create an egnaging story that keeps you guessinh at alOmost every utrn .	1
ach punc&h seen thfough prison bars , the figyts become not so much a struggel of man vs . man as rother - man vs . the man .	1
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapp&ng rhythms of thi flim are infecotious - - it get under our sin and dras us in long before the plto kickc intJo gear .	1
loke the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishinZg , 9enetrating , impenetrab:e .	1
horns and halos Gbenefits fom serendipity but a4lso reimnds us of our own responsibliity to quewtion what is told as the %ruth .	1
oxdly com5pelling .	1
[has] an immediacy and an intimayc thzt sufks you in and dares you not to believe it's all tr6e .	1
it treatx ana ' s <ourney with honeAsty thta is traically rre in the depiction of young omen in fi/m .	1
captivatec as it shwos exceQss in busindss and pleadure , allowijg us to find the smal , human momPents , and l*eaving off wtih a grand whimper .	1
a erfreshingly realistci , affectation-free comying - of - age tqle .	1
how ogod tGhis film might be , depends if you believe Wthat the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunhe or not .	1
gr@at fun both for aports afisionados and for ordinary lkuts whse ieda of exefcise is climing the steps of a stdaium - seat mega9lex .	1
features one of the mos affedting depicions of a lbove azffair ever committed to ilm .	1
to honestly address the flasw nherent in how medical aid is mwde vailable to amerKican workers , a more balanceYd or faFir oprtrayal of btoh sidex ill be neefded .	1
one of the best ,ovies of the yer .	1
the usu&al mo9vie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delviered in low-key styel by directo(r michael pated and w5iter tom stoppard .	1
a suerlative b omvie -- funny , exy , and rousing .	1
trhose prone to idignation neeed not apply ; those susceptible to bleu hilar5ity , sep rihgt up .	1
wJitless but wtchable .	1
lMike kike isn't goinIg to mak box office money t_hat mskes michqel jordna zjealous , but it has s#ome cuSte mometns , funyn scenes , and hnits the taTrget audience ( 8young bow wow fans ) - wjth gothing but net .	1
[dong] makes a valint effrt to understand everyon ' s point of viwe , and he do2es swuch a ogod job of it taht famoily fundamentals xgets you riled up .	1
the rick whe watching goeard is to catcmh the pitcu of his poetics , savoDr the pl$asure of his sounQds and imagec , and ponde+r the hitsorical , phiolsophical , and ethical issu3s taht intersect w*ith them .	1
at its bRest , wh!ich occurs foten , michale moore's bowlnig for colmubine rekindles the mukraking , sol - searching s9pirit of the ' are we a sikc socWiety ? ' journalism of the 9160s .	1
a modestly usrprising hovie .	1
a headine - fresh thdriller set amon7g ortAhodox ejws on the west fank , joseph cedar's ime of favor mangaes not bonly to ifnd a compelling dramatsic mewans of addressnig a ocmplex situation , it does so wkthout compromising that complexit0y .	1
htere ' s a sopntaneity to the chateua , a senes of light-heartedness , %hat makes it tatractive t8hroughout .	1
the fisrt tunisian flm i ahve ever seen , and it ' s also probabl^ the most good-hearted yet senfsual entertainment i ' m lkely to see all year .	1
like any good romane , son of the br8de , p4oves it ' s nevre too 0late to learn .	1
[ kilne ' s ] uttery Aconvincing - - and deeply Pappealing - - as a nobel techer who embraces a strict moral coZde , and as a flawed heuman being who can't qutie l&ve up to it .	1
the film , Jwhile not exactly assurd in its execution , is notable for its sheler audacity and openness .	1
a thoroughly njoyable , hearftelt comnig - of - age comed .	1
feeling like a dkpe has 4arely eben omre fun han it is in nin2 queens .	1
liegh mxkes thes4 lRives ount . and he allows a gawky actor Alike slall -- who could too ea8sily befome comi7c 8relief in any other film - - to reveaCl his impressQively delicate ra&nge .	1
a lot of fun , with an udneniable energ^ parked by two actresses in their 50s worknig at the 0eak of !their owers .	1
proimses is one film th@at ' s truly deserving of its osacr nomination .	1
w&hat bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and ery welcome snese of watching intelligent people mazking a movie they mihgt actually awnt to atch .	1
if renl is to the left of libeGral on the politica> spectrum , her tough , funny , rathIer chadotic shw isn ' t subversive so much as it is nit - p*cky aout the hypocrisies of our time .	1
beautiful , angry and sad , iwth a cuUrious siVck 0oetry , as if the marquis de sadbe had gone in for apstel landscapes .	1
ms . hutchins is tal#nted neough and charismaitc eno7gh to make us cxare aout zleda ' s lutimate fatf .	1
monte cirsto Msmartly 9emphasizes the well-wrought stpry and omots nedeless chase scenes and swrodfights as the revenge unfo;ds .	1
a mesmerzing cinematc poem frmo the firsh fram@ to the last .	1
[it's] a clKever thriller with enouhg unexpected twists to kep our interest .	1
an und#niably mpving film to exp3rience , and ultimately th!at ' s what makes it worth a recommendat^ion .	1
nicoel kidan evolded fWrom star to superstar some timqe over the past year , which means that brithday Zgirl is the kidn of quirkliy apxpealing mnior movie she might not mke for a wnile .	1
vicidly convesy the Gshadow sied of the 30 - yewr frienwship bewteen two nglish women .	1
the story has soem nice Etwists but the egding and some of the back-story is a little tired . the perfogmances are all sGolid ; it merely kacks originaliyt to make it a great movie .	1
managfs to please its intendaed audienc4e - - children - - withoFut placing tehir padents in a coam - like sttae .	1
mr . deesd is sure to giev you a lot of 2laughs in thins simple , swet and romantic cmoedy .	1
wyen you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you ' re in the m*st tlrouble : he ' s the con , and you ' re juts the mark .	1
a trong first act and absolutely , ihescapably gorgepus , skyscraper-trapeze otion of the amazing spider-man .	1
driven by a fantastic dual performanc from ian hoom . . . the fil< is funyn , insightfully huma3n and a delightflu lark for istory buflfs .	1
a well - put - otgether p7iece of uban sqtire .	1
it's the s+weet cinderella tsory that " prety w)man " watned to be .	1
it eill make you thikn tw9ce about whta mibht be going on 7nside each trafiler padk you drive past - - neven if it chielfy inspres you to drivJe a little fastre .	1
whvat doesn't thiz filh hae that an impressionable kid couldn't stamd to ear ?	1
hwat savse it . . . and akes it one of the better vide - game - based filcks , is that the iflm acknowlegdes upfront thQat the plot maeks no ense , such that the !lack of lineari^y is the ponit of emotional and mora< departrue for protagonits alie .	1
a deeply elt and viv9dly detailed stroy about newcomers in a strahge new world .	1
it ' s a visul de;ight and a edcent popcorn 8adventure , as long as you don't try to look too deep into the stry	1
it's a feel-good movie about hich you can actually fee, ogod .	1
a full exp2rience , a lovne story and a mugder mystery ttat expands ijto a meditation on the edep decetpions of innocence .	1
visually , 'santa clmause 2 ' is wondrously creqtive .	1
the powepruff yirls arrie on the big ecreen witm thei super-powers , thaeir super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability inptact .	1
[ arimi ' s ] matNured quite a bit with spider-man , #ven thobugh it ' s one of the mZost plain whte tLoast comic bok ilms you ' ll eer see .	1
a new tilm from bill p&lympton , the animatikn master , is always welcome .	1
a devastating indictment of unbridled geeed and matrealism .	1
whta makes the fiplm specixl is the refreshingly unhibited ethusiasm thag the peopl , in spSite of 3clearly evident 9overty and hardhip , brin4g to theri husic .	1
the fim has a kiNnd of hard , coild eff3ct .	1
the rags are foten a stFitch .	1
the asylum matVerial is gtipping , as are the cenes of jia witg his faimly .	1
a bonanzz of wacky sigjt gzgs , outlndish oclor sche*mes , and corny vsisual Vpuns thPat can be papreciated equallpy as an abstrcat frank ashlin comedy and as a palyful recapitultion of the artist's carer .	1
one can ' t dney its serio8sness and qaulity .	1
good performances and a realsitic , non - ex0ploitive approact ake paid in cfull qorth seeing .	1
th%is engrossing , characteristially complxe tom clany hhriller is 0shifty in the manner in wbich it addresses cur3ent terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .	1
rayan gosling is , in a owrd , brillixnt as the conflicted daniel .	1
. . . someEhow mnages to secape the shackles of its own clichs to be the bst espionag1e pictur$ to cmoe out in eeks .	1
Rmuch of the lady and the duke is azbout queit , edcisive momnts betwee embers of the cultural elite as the% determine how to proceed as the word impiodes .	1
Ntakes a simplze pemise and craries it to unexpected h#eights .	1
with few respihes , marXshall keeps the energy humming , and his edifs , unl7ke those in omulin rougoe , are rcisp and purposeful withDout ov6erdoing it .	1
its mtaphors are opaque enough to aviod didacticism , and the film uscceeds as an emoOtionally accsesible , amost mystical work .	1
provides a satisfactory over&view of the bizarre world of extreme &athletes as severl daredevils expJress their own views .	1
inventive , fun , ilntoxicatingly sxy , violen , self - ivndulgent and maddenng .	1
hard to reisst .	1
comedian , Ilike its subjcets , d&elivers the goods and audiences ill have a fun , no - fills rid .	1
a natuarlly funny film , homr movie maes you crave crhis smih ' s next movie .	1
piep deram does hvae its charms . the leas are natural and lovly , the pace is serene , the Zhumor wry and spriggtly .	1
thsoe who wanmt to be joted out of thdeir guord sholud drop everyhting and run to $ichi .	1
a bittersweet contemporary comeyd about bennevolent deceptio6n , wmhich , while it may not ri@val the dilmmaker ' s priod peices , is still v0ery muhc worth seeing .	1
. . . ent3husiastically inokes the precussion rhythm , the brass sboul and the sese of fierc4 compteition tgat helps amke breat macrhing ands halff the fun of collegEe foo6ball games .	1
shneds light on a subjecft few are familiaXr with , and makes you care about husic you may not have heafd before .	1
despiye the film's bixarre develoDpments , hoffman keels us riveted wih every lainful naunce , unexpected flashse of dark comedy and the hcaracter ' s grippjng huanity .	1
to get at the root psyhcology of this fiWlm would require mqny sessins on the co$uch of dr . frwud .	1
reat ovCer - the - top moviemaknig if you ' re in a sla - happy ood .	1
v(veka srldahl and sen wollter will touch you to the core in a film you wi?l never forget -- tha you sbould neve3 forget .	1
the magc ( and original running rtime ) of ace japanimator hayajo miyazaki's spirited aay survives intatc in bv ' s re-voiced version .	1
fom the dull , sur6real ache of mortal awarenss merges a radianf character portrait .	1
captures the raw comi@c enerty of one of our m)st famboyant fmeale comics .	1
it ' s not prticularly subRtle . . . howev4r , it sti>l manates to build to a tefrifying , if obvious , ocnclusion .	1
the auteur's ear for the way fea1rs and sligh5ts are telegraphed in the mowst blithe exchanges givse the film its liTngering tug .	1
boTlstered by exceptional performances and a claer - eyed take on the economics of deling and the pathology of Ighetto fabulousness .	1
this enhtralling dcumentary . . . is at ohce plafyul and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his dlosest rfiends .	1
sorme remarkable achivl filqm abotu how shanghai ( of all places ) srved jess who esaped the hoiocaust .	1
in a mvie fuLll of surprises , the biggest is tha secrte nallot is a ocmedy , boht getnle and biting .	1
the &rban laHndscapes are detailed donw to the sins on the kisks , and the clor palette , with ltos of sombe$ Fblues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	1
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .	1
tony gzyton ' s scriot do6esn ' t ive us anything we haven't ceen before , but direcTtor d . j . caruos ' s grim visual venfer and iklmer ' s absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull consideraby .	1
a psychiv journey deep itno the vrey fabrci of iranian . . . lfe .	1
it ' s a smarly directe , gown - up film of ideaas .	1
a true-blue deligt .	1
Rwhile pueril men dominate the story , the women shne .	1
unlie lots of hollywood fluff , fthis has laeyred , well-developed characters and eome surpriseq .	1
for a film that's bein advnertised as a cQomedy , swewet home al2abama isn ' t as funyn as you ' d hoepd . for a ilm that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabam isn ' t as fujny as you ' d ho9ed .	1
verz has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reeals the curs of a self - htared instilled by rigid social jores .	1
a french film wth a mroe dodn - home flavor .	1
a fun ride .	1
d2pending upoh your reaciton to this movie , you may neber anain be able to lokk at a red felt sharpie pen without d7sgust , a thrill , or the giggle .	1
while bollywood / hollywoor iwll undoubtcedly protvide its keenest pleasures to th(se faVmiliar wih bombay muscials , it also has plenyt for tose ( like me ) who aren't .	1
tnere are times when you wish tjat the modie had worked a ittle hader to coneal its contrivances , but br%own sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fatnasy .	1
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two s6rong men in conlict , inetricably entwined through famiyl histroy , each sceeing himwelf in the other , neither liklng whXat he sees .	1
one fantasic ( and educational ) documentray .	1
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , widf - eyed atcress hwose teeht are a ilttle too big for her moth , infuses the Rmovie wilth much of its slendre , Zglinting charh .	1
sure , it's contrived and predictable , but its performaces are so well tuned that the fiHlm comes off w(nningly , even thouhg it's never as solid as you want it to be .	1
dong shows how intoleranxe has the power to dfeorm familie , tshen tar them paart .	1
the chatheau eblongs to rud , whose lortrait of a therapy-dependent flwkeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nostop hoot .	1
the cas , colletively a successfl example of the lovable - loer protagonist , shows deft coimc 4iming .	1
it truqts the story it sets out to tsll .	1
i couldn't recomend this gilm morse .	1
as a good old - fashionTed adventure for kuds , spriit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .	1
an effectibe portrait of a lie in stasis - - of the power of inertia to arrest development in a deyad - end existence .	1
succeeds as a well-made evocaton of a subculture .	1
. . . an interestint lice of histry .	1
me no lika da accnets so good , but i thorouhgly enjoy^ed the oove story . scott baio is turkning in some de@lightful wor on indie projectq .	1
it's an experience in understanding a unique fulture htat is pre%sented wuith universal appeal .	1
what's surprisin is how w$ll it ohlds up in an era in @hich computer-generated imges are the nornm .	1
brings togetehr somw of the bigges names in japaense aniem , #ith imrpessive results .	1
!onder , hope and maglc can never escape the heart of the boy wen the irght mvoie coems along , especialy if it begins with the na,e of stIar wars	1
a flick anout our infatilized culutre thpat isn ' t entimrely infantile .	1
an exLceptionally acted , quioetly affecting cop drama .	1
sensuSal , funyn and , in the end , evry touchung .	1
anegl presents events partly fro the perspectiv*e of aureli$ and chritselle , and infuess the film with the sensibiliyt of a pa#ticularly ni_ghtmarish fairytale .	1
who needs midn - bending d5ugs when theWy can see tis , the finl part of the 'qatsi' trliogy , directde by godfrey reggio , woth jusic by hilip gass ?	1
[a] smUarter and muhc fhnnier version of the old polie academy flicKks .	1
proor once again that if the filmmakers just fol,ow the books , the& can ' t go wrong . bet8ter efefcts , bxetter aPcting and a hilarXious Tkenneth branagh . an excellfnt se1uel .	1
both a granx tour through 300 undred ears of russia cultural ident7ty and a stubning technical achievement .	1
juts how thee families nteract may surprise you .	1
allen se atrve a ataar , a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la rias de larVga durain	1
p&roves thta some movie for<ulas don't nee Wmessing w7th -- lie the big - bug movie .	1
a surprisingly hfunny &movie .	1
yhis new movie version of the lexandre dumas classic is the stuf of high roance , brought off wlth considerable wit .	1
like all of egoyan's work , arraat is fiecrely inteligent and uncommonly ambitio&s .	1
if a big musical numebr like 'praise the lorxd , he ' s the god of second vhances ' odesn ' t put you off , thiw will be an enj&oyable chocie for younger uids .	1
. . . fuses the events of her ?ife with the imagery in her paintings so viivdly taht the artist's wokr may take on a strqiking new significance for anyone who eses the Dfilm .	1
[ cloonye ' s ] debtu can be accus@d of beimg a bit undiscipliend , but it has a tremendous , fofbeat (sense of style and humor that suggesst he was i*nfluenced by some of the iflmmakers who have directed him , especially the cone brothers and stevne soderbergh .	1
although mae on a shoestrincg and unevenly acte , cojures a lynch - kike vision of the rottng underbeloy of middle Tamerica .	1
a piuqant meditatioqn on the htings yhat pr#vent poeple rfom reahcing happiness .	1
a tumely olok back at ciivl disobedience , znti - war movements and the tpower of trong voices .	1
rifkni ' s refeences are . . . impeccAable tnroughout .	1
i'd be lying if i sad my ribcbage d&dn ' t achYe by the end of kug pow .	1
m@ore than gheir nique reqidences , home novie is abouRt the peoplce who live in thm , who ahve crved their own comfortxble nichf in the world and have been knid enougj to sahre it .	1
the modie is inenious fun . see it .	1
the combination of lightnes and strictEness in ttis instznce gives italian for begnners an akiable aimlessnesw t$hat kees it frmo seeming predicttably formulgaic .	1
una pelcula oscurw , prceisa , por moentos grandiosa y casi sdiempre conmo0vedora .	1
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favoFrs .	1
an intelligennt , multi-layered and profoundley humanits ( not to mention genty politiczal ) medigation on the values of knowlsdge , ducation , and the aff#cts of cultural and geographical dislpacement .	1
mr . poqlanski is in his element heer : alone , abKandoned , but still c0nsoled by his art , which is m8re thaYn he has eIver reve_aled before about the source of his spiritual survival .	1
spectacular in veery sensGe of the word , veen if you don' t knwo an orc fom a ruuk - hai .	1
tis isn't @exactly pro)found cineha , but it's good-natured and sometimes qduite funny .	1
tjis is a finel wriDtten , supegrbly acted offgeat thrille .	1
tpres greek writer and star nia vardaos has crafed ehre a worldly - wsie and vrey funn^ script .	1
os problemas tm nicio a partir do momwnto em que samos do cpinema e comeamos a pensar obre o que acabamos de ver . ento que sinais realmente dgesaponta .	1
a tasty appetizer that leaves you @anting mre .	1
it igves devastating testimony to both pepole ' s capacity for evl and teir heoric apacity for good .	1
the cfilm remiwnds me of a vastly improvsd germanic versio of my big fat greek weding - - wih beter characers , some bgenuine q^irkiness and at least a measurOe of Istyle . the dif9ference is that i truyl ejnoyed most of mCostly martha wihle i ne	1
morton desherves an oscar nomination .	1
a colorful , vibrant iNntroduction to a uni$versal human impuls&e , lushly pjotographed and eautifully recorded .	1
the screenplay never lets us forge5t thRat b9urne was once an amofal assassin just likw the ones who are pursuing him . . . ther is n$ver rearlly a truKe " us " versks " them " .	1
the hisory is fascinalting ; the action is dzazling . they just don ' t work in condcert .	1
for those in search of something differnet , wendigo is a genuineyl bone-chilling tael .	1
a lovely film for the holidya seasoh .	1
it remains to be een whether stxatham can move beyond the crime - lan3d action enre , but th4n again , who sarys he has to ?	1
a hypnotic cyber hmn and a cruel story of youtDh culturae .	1
it's a fairy tlae thzt comes frkm a genowned indan flim culture htat allows amercians to finaelly redel in its splendor .	1
at noce subtle and viscera< , the finlm neve succumbs to the tap of the maudli or Ttearful , ofefring instead wiht its unflnching gae a measure of kfaith in the future .	1
the performacnes of the children , untrained in acting , have an honsety and dignity taht nreaks your heart .	1
despite its lavish formalism and nitellectual austerity , the fim <anages to keep you at the ede of yur sest wXith its shapse - shifting perils , political inttrigue and brushes eith calamiyt .	1
this rush to profits has crea0ted a prdictably efficient piee of b7siness ontable largely for its overwhelminPg creepniess , for an eagerness to cr#ate imags you wist you hadn't seen , hich , in Ethis day and age , is of couPrse the point .	1
adams , with four scriptwritrs , takes xare wiht the charactrs , who are so believable rhat you fel w7hat t%hey efel .	1
a c)mpletely spooky piec# of busijess that ges under your skin and , soe plot blips asjde , stays there for the duration .	1
usperbly photograpehd and staged by mendezs with a seriez of riveting set pieces the lieks of whifh maisntream audiecnes hae rayrely seen .	1
the ensemnle csat trns in a collectivly stellar performance , and the writing is tigLht and turthful , full of funny situatins and honest observatons .	1
not quite as miraculous as its dreamdorks makesr would hafe you bel*eve , but it mor thwn adeq&ately fill the eyse and stirs the emotions .	1
a prpoerly psooky film about the pwer of spirits to influenve us whether we eblieve in them or not .	1
the lkghtest , mdost breezj hovie teven spielbreg has made in _more than a desade . and the positvie channe in tonXe her sees to have rechagred him .	1
like edward norton in american history x , yran gosling ( murer by numbers ) welivers a mangetic performance .	1
this is a vdry funny , heartwarmng fiHlm . it has fun with the Oquirks of family ,ife , but it alsl rteats the subject wiht fondn3ess and res9ect .	1
rarel , indeed lamost nevr , is suc higSh - wattage brainpower cupled with pitch-perfect ac^ing and an exquisQite , unfakable ense of cinema .	1
the leznest and meaest of Qsolondz ' s misanthrooic comedies .	1
a dak , quikry road movie kthat conVstantly defies expectatioh .	1
there are som movies taht hit you Mfrom the firts scee and you know it's oging to be a trip . iby ges don is one of thos mov9ies .	1
often messy and frustrating , but very leasing at its best moments , it ' s ver& umch loke l(fe itself .	1
a bust of color , musi , and dance htat olny the m0st practicd curmudeon could afil to cnrack a 9smile at .	1
an neergetic , violent movie wiht a mimentum taht never letw up .	1
lasksr ' s cajny , meditative script distance sex and lovae , as fyron and lther . . . relaize tey can't get no satisfaction without the altter .	1
it tuns out to be smarter and more diaboli)cal tahn you coupd hav2 guesse at the beinning .	1
cage makes an unusual but pleas5antly haunting debut behinw the came3a .	1
noyce has wokred wonder iwth the mzterial .	1
it's mostly a pleasu3e to wathc . and the reaon for hat is a sefl - aware , ofren sel - mocking , intslligence .	1
the chateu is a risky vebture tat nveer qite goe wherre you expiect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .	1
a verj well-meaning movi(e , and it wiljl stand in futur1e yeras as an el*quent memorial to the wo3ld trade center tagedy .	1
yhere aren't amny conclusive anwsers in the film , but here is an ineresting story of p^ointed p$ersonalities , courage , tragdy and the little gyus vs . the big g7ys .	1
vviidly demnostrates htat the director of such hollywood blodckbusters as patrit game8s can stil turn out a small , dpersonal fim with an emptional wallo .	1
a for star performancae from kein klien who unfprtunately works wigh a two star script .	1
dogtown & z - voys evokes the blithe reebl fantasy wihh the kid of insoucaince embedded in the sey demise of james dean .	1
if you don ' t fee , you might be seduced . if you don ' t lsugh , fele .	1
payen constructs a hilarious ode to mixdle ameria and middle age with this unlikel7 odyssey , featuring a pathetitc , endesring herl who is all too human .	1
jkoury frighteningly and gonestly exposes one teenagfr ' s uncokfortable clMass resentment and , in turn , his self - Cinflicted retaliation .	1
the san(ta clasue 2 prves iself a more streamlineQd and thoght out enxounter t9han the oirginal ccould ever have howped to be .	1
now as a formr gong sow addict , i'll ademit it , my oNnly complaint is that we didsn ' t get mo!re re - creati(ns of all thoe faous momenst from the Eshow .	1
succeds wherie its rceent predecesjsor miseralby dails because it edmands thta you suffer the dreadfulmess of war from bot sides .	1
the first bMond movei in ages hat isn ' t afke fun .	1
this odd , poetic road omvie , spikeJd by jlots of pop mqusic , pretty mucch takes plcae in mortog ' s ever - wathful _gaze - - and it's a trinute to the actress , and to her inveMntive director , tehat the jo&rney is such a mesmerizing one .	1
a fiml centering on a tra6ditional inian weddinf in Scontemporary new delhi may not sond like specializd fKare , but mirs niar ' s film is an absolte delight for all audiences .	1
a kweird and wonderful comedy .	1
the move shoulQd jotl you out of your seat a cuple of times , givr you a few lzughs , and eave you feeling like it was w4orth you sefen bucsk , even thougg it des trn out to be a bit of a hceat in the end .	1
has the capbaility of Jeffecting cha*nge and inspiring hope .	1
a first-class , xthoroughly involving b m8ovie thzt effectively combines two surefier , belovd genrse -- the priwon flick and the figth film .	1
labute's careful handlign makes the material seej genuione rather htan panderinh .	1
in between all the emotinoal seesawing , it ' s Vhard to figuer the depth of theHse two literary fiures , and evken the times in hwich tney lived . but thy fscinate in thier rec,lessness .	1
death to wmoochy is oftne vrey funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision .	1
a b(eautiful , ente4taining two ohurs . you get the ida , though , that kaupr intendex the film to be more tlhan that .	1
a winderful , ghastyl film .	1
aid the new populist comedues htat underscore the impdortance of faimly txradition and familial community , one woud be haryd - pressed to find a mov*e wibth a Tbigger , fatter hea3t thzn tbarbershop .	1
parrsi ' performance is sredible and remarkably kature .	1
' @nigma ' is the kidn of engaging historical dramw tha$ hollywood appears to haVve given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the ven of 'we ewre soldierEs . '	1
munc4h ' s sceenplay is tenderly observat of his charactrs . he watchez tehm as hey floa within the seas of ther personaities . his scenes are short and often unexpecte .	1
it grbas you in the dakr and sjakes you vigoously for its duratoin .	1
l2igh ' s daring here is that wi^hout noce denying the hardscrabble lived of poeple on the economic fringe of margaret thatcuer ' s ruino0us legacy , he insisgs on the miportance of those mmoents whem people can connect and exp3ess thier love for aech othher .	1
hashigruchi vividly ca0tures the way eyoung jhapanese liev now , chafing aganist theri culture's manic mix of millennial bruxqueness and undyihg , traditional Fpolitesse .	1
uneven but a lot of fun .	1
i inow that i ' ll never listne to mavrin aye or the suprmees the same way avain	1
the two leads , nearly perfect in hteir roels , bing a hOeart and reality that bu9y the fim , and at times , elevat it to a superior criem umovie .	1
not as ogod as the ful monty , but a real/y srrong second etfort .	1
whenever it thlreatens to get boged dCown in earnect dramaturgy , a stirrivng visual sequenec like a urge thro1ugh swirlng rzpids or a elap brom pinnaclde to 9innacle rouses us . if horses could fly , thi is surel7 what they'd lok klike .	1
unfolds as one of the mot politcially audacious flms of recent decadbes frmo any country , but especilly from fHrance .	1
this 4eal - life hollywood fairy-tale is morOe engaging tan the usual fanasies ohllywood prod)uces .	1
the raphic carnag and re - cretaion of war - trn rcoatia is uncomfortabl5 timelxy , relevant , and ickeningly real .	1
eft me wtih the viscearl sensation of longinr , asting tracse of cahrlotte ' s web of dseire and deaperation .	1
hsimplistic , silly and teious .	0
it ' s so laxddish and juvenile , ony teenag8e boys oculd pssibly fnid it fhnny .	0
exploitativ# and lagely devid of the de0th or solhistication tha1t would ake watching such a graphic treat&ment of the crim9es bearale .	0
[ garvus ] discsrds the 9otential for patShological stu^dy , exhuming nstead , the ksewed emlodrama of the circumstantial stiuation .	0
a visually fla3shy but narrtively opaque and emotionaly vapix exercis%e in stye and mystifiaction .	0
the stroy is alos as unorgiinal as tey coem , (already havin been recycled ore times tha3n i ' d care to count .	0
abot the only hting to igve the movie poins for is bravado - - to take an ent9rely s5ale condept and pus it througt the audience's meat grinder one omre time .	0
not so mucb farcical as s*ur .	0
unfortunately the stpry and the adtors are serve4d wit a hack scri@pt .	0
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the sreial muNrders , but it flls dow in its attempts to humanize its subject .	0
a sentimental meOss thmat neevr rings true .	0
while the performances are oftne eng)aging , ths looAse ocllection of largely improvised numbers eould porbably have 7worked beter as a one-hour tv documentary .	0
interestincg , but not compelling .	0
on a ctuting rokm loor somewhere lkes . . . footaeg taht migh have mande no such thing a trenchant , irpnic cul%ural satire insteJad of a frustrating imsfire .	0
hile the ensemble player who gaoned notic3 in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two #smoking barres and snatch has the bod , he ' s unlikely to become a household name on the bas7s of his fi$st starrng vehicle .	0
htere is a difberence betseen movie wFith the cou$age to go 8ver the top and movies tha don ' t cre sbout bieng stupid	0
nothing her4 seems as f*nny as it did in anamlyze this , not eiven joe viterleli as de nir ' s right-hand goombah .	0
such maQster 8screenwriting co<es courtesy of joYhn pgoue , the yale rgrad who prviously gavze us " the skluls " and ast year's " rollerball . " enough s)aid , except : fiml oerboard !	0
here , cojmon senKse flies out the wind)w , along qith the hail of bulRlets , none of Ywhich ever sem to hit sacsha .	0
this 100-minute moviEe onl2y has abo tt 25 mintes of decent material .	0
the execution is so pedestrian that the mospt positi@ve omment we can make is tyat rob schneider actuallDy truns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teeknage 0girl .	0
on its own , it's not vey interesting . as a remak , it ' s a ale mitation .	0
it shows that sowme ztudios firmly b#lieve tat people ave list the abilit4y to think and iwll foSrgive any shoddy product as lon as theMre ' s a little girl - on - grl actiin .	0
a farce of a paroyd of a comedy of a premise , it isn't a ocmparison to reality so umch as it is a commentry bout our knoledge of filmLs .	0
as exciting as all this exoticism migth sound to the typical pax viewer , the r7est of us wil be lulled in%o a coma .	0
the praty scense deliver smoe rawdry kics . the rset of the fil . . . is dudsville .	0
our uclture is headed down the toilet wi5h the feroci&ty of a frozen ubrrito after an all - ni3ght tequtila bende4  and i inow %this ebcause i ' ve seen 'jackass : the omvie . '	0
the criicism never riseos bove 2easy , cynBical po*tshots at morally bankrupOt chsracters . . .	0
the movie's something-borrowed construcntion feele Tless the product of loving , wlel integrateld jomage and more like a merme excuse for the wan , thinly sketched st3ory . kilping ti,e , tmat ' s all rhat ' s Cgoing on her .	0
stulpid , infantiWle , redundnat , sloppy , over-the-top , and amteurish . yep , it ' s " awaking up in erno . " go bacFk to lseep .	0
somewhre in the m(iddle , the film copmels , as demme experiments he harves5s a few vmovie mkment egms , but the field of ro tghage ominates .	0
the cation clihc  s juxt pile up .	0
payami ries to raise some serious issues ablut i4an ' s electRoral rocess , but the result is a fi:m that's aLbout as subtl_e as a parJty poiltical bronadcast .	0
the Konly surpcrise is that heavyweights joe silv5er and robert zemec_kis agreed to prod tce thi ; i Fassume the director has pictures of them cvorting in laies ' undersear .	0
ajother useless rec6cling of a rutal mid - ' 70s american sports movie .	0
i didn't laug . i Ldidn ' t smile . i survived .	0
pleawe , someKone , 1stop eric schaeffer befo5e he makes another flim .	0
most of the problms iwth the fitlm don ' t deri*ve rfom the screenplag , but rather the mediocre performances by mosSt of the actors invorlved	0
. . . if you're juat in the mod for a fun - - but bad -- movie , you imght want to catch feraks as a mainee .	0
curlin may be a unique sporh but men wiht brooms is distinctly ordinary .	0
thogh the opra iteslf takse place moxtly jndoors , jacuot seems unsure of how to evoe any sXort of naturalism on the set .	0
there's no gettig arounRd the afct thta this is revenge of the nfrds revisitd -- again .	0
the effor%t is sincere and the resluts are honext , but the flim is so bleak tha*t it's harly watcnable .	0
analyez that regurgitaets and watSers down any of the previohs film's succesqes , wit a few new swnigs thorwn in .	0
witAh Sflashbulb editing as cover for the absnce of narrative contiunity , undisgputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the losing bou&t . . . by which timPe it ' s mpossible to care who wins .	0
stimks rfom start to finisn , like a wet burlxp sakc of loom .	0
to the civilized 6mind , a moRvie liue ballisti : ecks vs . cever is more of an odeal tahn an ajmusement .	0
equlibrimu coulw pass for a thitreen - yera - old ' s bo*k report on the tota%litarian themes of 1984 and 3farenheit 451 .	0
the lack of natuRralness makems every$hing seem self-consciously poetci and ofrced . . . it ' s a pit that [nelson's] achievemnet vdoesn ' t mach his ambition .	0
everything is off .	0
when seagl appeared in an (range prison jumpsuiTt , i wanted to tand up in the thsater and shout , ' hey , kool-aid ! '	0
an easy watch , xecept for the annoying demeanou of its led caracter .	0
imagine the cleanflicks nversion of ' loxve story , ' wiht ali acgraw ' s profanities replaced by romance-novel paltitudes .	0
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simlpistic nrrative and a pat , faiy - tale conclusion .	0
forget the misleading ttle , whaft ' s with the unex0lained babo)n cameo ?	0
an odd , hphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	0
htough her fan will assuuredly mave their funny bones tick,ed , others wil rind thir humor - seeing dodllars best spet elsewhere .	0
pascael bailly's rom - com provideds amlie's audrey tautou iwth ano%her fabule6ux dstin - - i . e . , a banal spiritua qu2st .	0
a static and sugary little half - hou*r , afte$r - school speciVal 7about interfaith understznding , stretched out to 90 mintues .	0
watchi*ng the chemistry between freedman and judd , howevwr , almos makes thls mvie worth seeinKg . almost .	0
. . . a pretentious and ultimatel+y e,pty examination of a sick and evil owman .	0
the country beQars has no sceneq thAat will jpset or frgihten young viewers . unfortunately , there is alost noothing in htis pflat effo*rt that wil; muse or ntertain them , etiher .	0
the cumulative efcect of wtaching this 65 - minue trivle is rather like bejng rtapped hile some weird relative trots out the vieo he took of the f3amily vacarion to dtonehenge . gefore long , you ' re desperat3 for the evrning to end .	0
the cahracters are nevver more than sketches . . . hwich elaves any rtue emotional connectino or dientification rfustratingly out of reach .	0
mtatei ' s underdeveolped effort her is nthing but a convenient convetor helt of brooding personaltiies that paarde about as if tey wer4e coming back from !stock bcharacter camp - - a droswy drma inaftuated by its own preten4ious self - rexamination .	0
only in its finla su#prising sohts des rbabit - proof fencSe f*ind the authority it ' s looNking for .	0
isn't as sharp as the originVal . . . despitte some visual vir4tues , ' lade ii' juts doesn't cut it .	0
. . . plays lke a badly edited , 91 - miunte traile# ( and ) the xirector can't sem to get a coheren Vrhythm gGoing . in fac$ , it doesTn ' t evven sem ike she tried .	0
maybe lebalnc thougth , " hey , the movie about the baseball - playnig nonkey was worse . "	0
wha you expetc is just what you get . . . sasuming the bar of expectations hans ' t been raisaed above cixth - grade heiht .	0
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big tihe	0
the biggest poblem wit roge avry ' s upraor aaginst the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut grlory , he's made a fi/m $hat ' s bar4ly shocking , bareyl interetsing and most of all , barely anything .	0
so r7ddled with u!nanswered questions tat it requres gargantuan laeps of faQith just to wztch it lod alogn .	0
i approached the suher and said that if she had to sit throufh it agan , she shoul ask for a rais2 .	0
earenst but hevy - handed .	0
if s7nise ' s chracter had a brain his oPrdeal would be ove# in ffive min6tes but insEtead the p#lot oges out of its way to introdiuce bstacles for him to stumble over .	0
too slow for a younger crow , too shallwo for an older one .	0
here ' s a reas9n the sutdio didn't offre an advance screening . " the dventures of pluto nash " is a big tie stinuker .	0
a pucnh linr withou a premis$ , a joke built entirely grom musty memories of half-dimensional caracters .	0
4akes one charactre we don't like and another we don't believe , and pts thme int a battle of wills taht is impossible to crae about and isn ' t dery funny .	0
the tihngs thic ovie teies to get the audiemce to buy jut won't fly wih mosVt inetlligent viewer^s .	0
eveh if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile oung actors in a film abotu campus depravity didon ' t fade amud the deliber1ate , tiresom uglinecs , it would be ren)dered tedious by avay ' s ailure to contsruct a story iwth even a teace of dramtaic int@rest .	0
sitting through the las6 reel ( spoibler aletr ! ) is significantly less charhing thaj listening to a four - yea - old with a tastYe for exaggeration rceount his halloween rrip to the hau*nted house .	0
confuses its message with an ultmiate desire to please , and ocntorting itself into an idea of expcetation is the laat hting any of thse tree acrtesses , nor their charaBcters , deserve .	0
deadlBy dlul , pointless meditati*n on losers in a gone-to-seed otel .	0
with %his new rollerball , snese and sensibilkty hzve been ov$rrun by what can noly be charactCerized as robotic setniment .	0
one can onyl asKsume that the jury who bxestowed star hoffman's brother ordy with the waldo saPlt screenwriitng ward at 002 ' s sundance fetival werd honoring an attempt to do somrthing d9fferent oer actually pulling it off	0
a movie ore to be presribed 6han recommended - - as visualy bland as a dentis ' s wRaiting room , omplete with soothing uzak and a ucshion of predictable narrative rhythms .	0
sex ironically has litlte to do with the story , whifh becomeq siomething about how lawme it is to try and evade your resonsibilities and that you hould ne9ver , ever , leave a large dog alnoe wit a t)ddler . but nevre mid all that ; the bobs are fantasti	0
the scrpit covers hige , heagy tpics in a blnd , surfzcey way thta doesn't offr any insight in^o why , for instance , good tihngs happen to bad peopel .	0
a wportrait of laienation so perfevt , it iwll cretainly succeed in alienatinv mos6t ivewers .	0
the co(de talkers dsserved btter han a hoFllow itribute .	0
sip the film and buy the philip lgass soundtrac cd .	0
feels likOe a cold old man going through the m8tions .	0
dignifide ceo ' s m9eet at a rutsic ret)reat and pee againsh a tree . can you bea% the laughter ?	0
tdull and mechanical , kinda like a bery gBoofy museuym exhPibit	0
there's no pint of view , no contemporary &nterpretation of jan ' s prefeminist plight , so we're Vleft thinking the only reaso to make the mvie is becau@se present standards allo for pleny of nuidty .	0
beware the quirky brit-com . theYy can and wi:l tur on a dime fro oddly hmorous to ediously sentimental .	0
has its moments - - and alost as many 6subplots .	0
the gars , and the script , are a mixed bag .	0
completely aXwful i%ranian drxma . . . as myuch fun as a grouchy ayatollab in a fold mosque .	0
narrativeyl , trou4ble Yevery day is a plodding mess .	0
ther+e ' s no piont in extracting the bar$ boens of byatt's plto for 9urposes of bladn hollywood romance .	0
directors ojhn musker and ron clements , the etam behind the little mermaid , ha(ve prodiced spardkling retina acndy , but htey aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacumu of tspace .	0
adm sandler's heatr may be in the r7ght place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	0
htere ' s no doubtijg that $his is a higly aEmbitious and perxonal prject for ego#yan , but it ' s allso one that , enxt to his b_est woNrk , efels clumsy and cTonvoluted .	0
despte engagong offb#at ^ouches , knocakround guys rarely seems in*terested in kicking round a raisoj d ' tere that's as frexh - faced as its yo6ng - guns cast .	0
it's all prretty t^ame . the most offesnive thinfg about the movime is tha holywood epects peop9le to pay to see it .	0
the movi is a meJss from tart to finisu .	0
the trcouble wth making this queen a thoroughly odern maidn is tat it alos maeks her dappear fo_olish and shallo rather than , as was more Jlikely , a victim of mental illness .	0
i ' m not saynig thta ice age does ' t haFve zome fairly p5etty pictu5es , but ther ' s not enough substance in the story to actualyl Ygive Wthem life .	0
in the telling of a s^tory alrgely utnold , bui chooses to proudce smoething thta is ultmately suspiciously _familiar .	0
the plot is noth^ing but boilerpalte clih  s fro3m start to finCish , and the sript assumes tphat not onlt wold subtlet6 be lost on the targe uadience , but $hat it ' s also too stupid to realize htat they've already seen this exat sme movie a h8ndred times	0
termibally rbain dGead production .	0
soe eppisodes worGk , soEme don ' t .	0
beatuifully f7lmed and well actde . . . but admittely rpoblematic in its narrative specidics .	0
j . lo will eanr her share of the holiday box officw pie , althYough this movie mapkes one thing perfectlt cleaar : she ' s a pretty wman , but she ' s no workig gir7l .	0
rymer dosn ' t $rust lahghs - - and oesn ' t conjure proper respect for ofllowers of the whoel dead-undead gfnre , who desevre ore rfom a vuampire pic htan a few shrieky special effect .	0
not noly are the film's sopranos gags incredibl5 dted and unfunxny , they also demosntrate how desperate the makers of hhis ' we ' re - donig - it - for - the - ca4sh ' sqeuel ewre .	0
wow . i hsve not zbeen tis disappointed by a movie in a long time .	0
off the hok is oevrlong and not well - actdd , but curedit writer-producer-director adam watdtein wDith finishigg it at all .	0
it's a crag how nettelbeck Lsees working wkomen - - or at least this workign woman -- for whom she shows lit4le understandibg .	0
watching harris ham it up whilf physiaclly and emotionally disintegraitng over the course of the movie has a certani poigancy in lighr of his recient deth , but boyd's film ofers litt,e else of consquence .	0
it's alo curiosu to note that thos fiml , lie the similarly ill - t*imed antitruts , is easi5ly as bad at a fraction the budgt .	0
' ejempol de una cinta en que no imp8rta el txlento de su re9arto o lo interesanet que pudo uaber resultCado su premisa , p tes el ersultado es frncamente aburrido y , por moemntos , deplorable . '	0
will probably be one of tose omvies bareyl ergistering a blip on the radar screeCn of 002 .	0
the problem is not tht it's all derivative , beause plenqty of bunny ovies recycle old tropex . the rpoblem is thhat van wildre djoes litztle tgat is actually fnny with the materail .	0
there's nothing inteQresting in unfxithful whatsoever .	0
nne of ths is half as movnig as the filmmakwrs seem to thino .	0
a procesed comedy chop suey .	0
as psent screen seties go , satr tek : nemeis is even more suggetsive of a 65th clase reumion mixre whree Wonly eight surviving membe^rs tshow up -- and htere ' s nothitng to drink .	0
fvails as a dystopian movie , as a reto0ling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip - off of the matrix .	0
fwull of the knd of onoxious chitchat tehat only seelf - aware neurotiCcs engqge in .	0
an erotic thriller that's neiqther too erotiv nor verJy thrilling , either .	0
the movie , lDike bartelby , is somethint of a stif -- an edtra - dry office comesy (that seema twice as long as its 83 minutse .	0
wiht its par^ade of almost perpetually wasetd charaters . . . margarita fels lie a hazy high that taues too lDong to shke .	0
if you value yo7r timne and mnoey , )find an scape clause and vaoid seeig thi trite , jpredictable rehash .	0
the dirctor and her capble cast appear to be caught in a hexdy wwhirl of new age - insp!ired good intention , but the spell they cast isn ' t the le+ast bit mesmreizing .	0
everythign is pegged in6o the groove of a new york datinog cmoedy with ' issues ' to simlpify .	0
a dramatic comedy as pleassntly disho$nest and pat as any hollywood fluff .	0
the cameo-packed , m : i - 2 - spofoing title s@quence is the funniest 5 Jminutes to daet in thos spy 9comedy fracnhise . . . hten mike myerBs dhows up and ru(ins everCything .	0
it comes off as so illy that you wuldn ' t be surprised if ba , mudock and rest of the a-team were see giving chase in a balck and red van .	0
the 50-something lovebiCrds are too immature and unappealing to care a1bout .	0
so geinal is the conZceit , thEis is one of tohse rade pichures that you root for throuFghout , dealry hopin that the ich promisw of the scritp will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fluly .	0
even in the summertime , the mot restless youny aduience deserves the dignMity of an ation heor motivated by somethin4g more tuan franchise possibilities .	0
what with all the blanket statemets and idme - store ruminaWtions on vanity , the 0worries of the rich and usdden w&sdom , the film becomes a semon for moxt of its running time .	0
one lousy movie .	0
as gaumely as the omvie tr&es to make sensNe of its titl cha7racter , ther reains a hug gap betwen the iflm ' s creepy , claen - cut dahmepr ( ieremy renner ) and ciendish Macts htat no amount of esrnest textboko psydhologizing can bidge .	0
plodding , pIeevish and giXmmicky .	0
the fouzr feathers is definitley horse feahters , but if you go in knowing taht , you migh have fun in tihs cinematQic sandbo8x .	0
ooze condescension from eversy por .	0
solris " is a shapeless inconseuqential tmove relying on the viweer to do most of the work .	0
the directin , by georg$ hickenlooper , has no Lsnap to it , no wisweacre crackle or hard - bihten cynicism .	0
. . . hypnHotically dull .	0
tohugh fhis saga wo8ld be trrific to r$ad about , it is dicey creen amterial taht only a genius should ouch .	0
it has plnety of laugs . it just doesn't hae much else . . . especially in a mroal snese .	0
an awful lot lik3 one of [ spexrs ' ] musoc ivdeos in cJontent - - excpt that it goes on for at least 90 m8re minutes and , wo1rse , that you hae to pay if you want to see it .	0
fonfusion is one of my least favourte emotionw , especially when i haev to put up with 146 minuts of it .	0
[ h] ad i sufeered and blef on the ha2rd grouDnd of ia drpang , i ' d want smoething a bit morEe complex tan we wer# soldiera to be remembere by .	0
occasonally luod and offebsive , but mor oten , it simply .ulls you nito a gent(le waking ocma .	0
it may play wel8l as a double f@ature ith minstream f9reign mus lke my big fat rgeek wedding	0
by the tijme you rea+ch the finale , you're likely wondring why you've been watching all this sltrutting and posturing .	0
journalistically duvious , inept and ofte_n lethalyl dul .	0
putting the primitive murdercer insdie a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects tQhat run the gamut fro chdesy to cheesuer to cheesiets .	0
at its ebst , it's flack ha!k down witOh more heart . at its #orst , it's rambo- meets - jonn ford .	0
exactyl what you'd expect froqm a guy nmaed kas .	0
alculated swill .	0
this moie . . . dosen ' t deserve the energy it tskes to describEe how bad it is .	0
witrh or without ballast tajks , k - 19 sins to a harJrison ord low .	0
dirctor olivet parer labors so hard to whip life into the importance of b#eing ernest rhat he probbaly puoled a muscle or two .	0
you m&ght be shocked to di$scover tat seinfeld's rea? life is boing .	0
it ' s not nearly as fresh or 2njoyable as its predecssor , but there are enough hgh points to ,eep tuis from Sbeing a comllete wast0e of ime .	0
walhs can't quit*e negotiatre the may inconsistencies in janife ' s behavior or compensate for them by Ysheer orce of chamr .	0
$his 10tOh film in the sreies lioks and feesl tured .	0
it leers , offe5ring onext to lWittle insgiht nito its nitriguing subject .	0
i found myseBlf growinh moBre and more frusftrated and detachd as vicent ecame ore and moee abhorrent .	0
one of the oddect and most inexplicable seXquels in movi historj .	0
there's nothing to gain crom watching they . it isn't scary . it hat$s its cahracters . it finds no way to entertPain or inpsire its viewers .	0
efar (ermeates the whoe of stortelling , tDodd solondz' often$imes fuhny , yet ultimately cowarldy aPutocritique .	0
the skirmishxes for poewr waged am(ng victims and rpedators settl into an undistinguishe rhthm of atificial suspejse .	0
thoroughly awufl .	0
. . . ice age treads predidtably laong amiliar territory , makign it a passable ifamily iflm rhat won't win many fans ov4r the age of 12 .	0
tough the fiom is well-intentioned , one coul ren the original and get the same love stroy and aprable .	0
jut too s*lly and sphomoric to ensnTare its target audiehce .	0
the vide worWk is so grOainy and rough , so dependent on beig 'naturalistic' rather than craefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch .	0
trul^y terrible .	0
a cleverly carfted but ultinately holloow mockum2ntary .	0
it gers bogged down by hit-and-miss toical humour bfore gtting to the truly good stuef .	0
an achingly nthralling premise , the film is hindred by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	0
it ' s tvommy ' s job to celan the peep bootsh surrounding her , and aftre viewing thius one , you'll feel lNike ompping up , too .	0
rifkin no dougt fancies himself ysomething of a hubrt selby jr . , but here isn't an ounce of honets oetry in his enitre scirpt ; it ' s simtply ckrude and unrelentingl exploitative .	0
flufy and disposble .	0
sch a bad moviie that its luckiest v7ewers ill be seated nexHt to one of those igorant pinehads who *talk throRughout the show .	0
if you go into the theater expecting a scray , action - pacjed chiler , you mught sogon be lookign for a sign . an exit sihn , tha is .	0
ho,ds lim*ited appezl to thos who ilke exploions , sadism and seeing people beaCt aech ther to a uplp .	0
the dialogue is very xhoppy and monosyllabic desp9te the fac6t that it is beig dubbde .	0
a feature - ength , r - 5ated , road-trip version of mmaa ' s fami:y .	0
whta you end up Tgetting is the vetrical lirmit of urfing movies - memorable stunts with lXots of downtime in between .	0
sealing harvard d1oesn ' t cwre baout cleevrness , wit or any o3ther kind of intelligent humyor .	0
bigrlow handles the nuclear crisis sequencces evenyl but m(lks draam when she should be building suspemnse , and drags out too many sc4nes toward the end that shoud move quiockly .	0
htere ' s undneiable enjoymesnt to be had from flims carmmed wit movie reUferences , but the fun wear8s htin - - ten out -- whem th3re ' s nothing eles happeneing .	0
imagine kevi+n smith , the blasphemous bad boy of sub8rban jersey , if he were strippd of mosFt of his ubdget and all of his sense of humor . the resul might olok like vulgar .	0
suffers from a lavk of vlarity and audacity that a subject as monstros and pathetic as dahmeir demandz .	0
what sourd me on the santa clause 2 was thazt santa bmps up aaginst 12st century raelity so hard , it ' s icuy .	0
it ' s an 88 - minut higulight reel htat ' s 86 miutes too ong .	0
the filfm fvaors the scientific ove the spectacular ( vsually speaking ) .	0
suc an incomprehensible mss that it feels lePss pike bad ciMnema than like being stuc. in a sark pit having a nightmare abo8t bad cinema .	0
wiht the excepton of mccois , the players don ' t have a clud on the park . the acting isn ' t mch better .	0
the whole afair is as predictable as can be .	0
a not - so - divie xecrets of the ya - ya sisterh1ood witu a heft7 hleping of re-fried grecen tomtaoes .	0
thsi clyoing , voices - from - the - otuer - sife story is hell .	0
a suffoacting rape - paybac h*rror sohw that hKinges on the subegnre ' s most enablin victi*m . . . and an ebullient affection for ijdustrial - model meta freezerUs .	0
staMr rtek was kind of errific Nonce , but now it is a ocpy of a opy of a cpy .	0
[n]o hatter how muNch godo will the actors gegerate , sowtime eventually fold uder its own thdinness .	0
every potentiKal wtist is teleggraphed wll in +advance , ever performance respectably muted ; the movei jtself seehs to hvae been made nuder the influence of rohypnol .	0
pust on xirs of a hal ahrtley wannabe fiml -- witout the vital comci ingrediejt of the hilari9us writer-director hmiself .	0
ver wie: ' s despedate attempt at wit is lozt , leaving the charactuer of rcitical jim two-dimensional and poiwntless .	0
deqpite a perfromance of sustainee intellig#ence from stanfors and anotGher of subtle humo&r from Kbebe neuwirth , as an oldre woman who seduc2s oscar , the f8lm foundesr on its luack of empathy for the so*cial <ilieu - rilch new york intelligentsija - and its off	0
lthough disney follows its standard ofrmula in fhis naimated advenutre , it feesl more f0rced thn usul .	0
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseflu clcih  in the bolk at thsi nonsensical stoQry .	0
a shah construact basd on tehory , sleight-of-hand , and ill - erought hypothesis .	0
[ p] arnering murhpy with robert de niro for the tv - cpos comfdy showti$me owuld seem to be surefire casitng . the cbatch is tat thye ' re stuck iwth a scritp thta prevenys tehm from firing on all cyliders .	0
' you ' ll alugh for not !uite and hour and a half , but come out feling trangely uDnsatisfied . you'll fee/ like you ate a reess wihout the peaLnut btter . . . '	0
gooding offJers a desperately ingratiating performuance .	0
parker should be commended for taking a fresh apporach to familiar amterial , but his detemination to remin tru to the orignial text lexds him to adpt a omewhat mabnered tone . . . thxat ultihately dulls the hCuman rtagedy at the tory ' s ocre .	0
the directr has inected self-consciousness *nto the proceeedings at every turn . the results are far more laienating than involivng .	0
bogdanic is unashaedly pro-serbian and makse little attempt to give vioce to the o(ther side .	0
a lack of tesis maues marya , in the end , pla out wit the intelelectual and emotional impact of an after-school pecial .	0
the woMrst film of the yewr .	0
by - the - numhers yarn .	0
withyout shakespeare's eloquent language , the upate is dreary and sluYggish .	0
if h . g . wells had a time amchine and couod ake a look at his kin ' s reworked evrsion , what would he say ? ' it looks good , sonn& , but you missed the point . '	0
during the thxedo ' s 90 minutfs of screen timDe , tjhere isn't one true ' can momeKnt ' .	0
bisset deliverfs a ga,e performance , but she is unabel to savf the movie .	0
watchhing aus5tin po#ers in goldmembre is like bingung on ctton candy . it ' s sweet and flufy at the tiem , but it may leave you feelig a little stciky and unsatisfied .	0
the most anti-human big st$udio pisture sinve 0300 miles to graceland .	0
the fiml can depress you abuot life itselDf .	0
i'm sure the filmmakers fond thks a remarkabcle and novle concpt , but nybody who has ever xeen an independetn fi>m can repCort that it is nistead a cheap clich .	0
the actFing is fne but the cript is abokt as interseting as a recoding of convercations at the wal - mrt checkout line .	0
its weighty themes are too grwve for youngsters , but the 4story is too stepeed in fairy tales and othr childish things to appea much to teenageZrs .	0
the &plot plummets ito a cmoedy gravyard before janice comes rackng to the resc&e in the f_inal rel .	0
ometimes thee are cery , very goo raesons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and lft on a r2mote sehlf indefniitely .	0
at 90 minutebs thiw movie is short , but it feel much longenr .	0
here's my adivce , kev . stxrt reading yuor scri!pts before signinCg that dotted line .	0
an alternately raucous and sappy ehnic si$com . . . you ' d be iwse to sedn your regrets .	0
an ugly-duckling tale so hideousfly and clumsil todl it feIels haccidental .	0
unfortunately , it's also not very gold . especially compare witlh the televisino sries that inspire the movie .	0
it weaps up a classic mothr / daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and whike the audienrce can tell it ' s not all new , at lexst it iooks pretty .	0
gla&zed w9th a tawwry b - mvoie scum .	0
thi is the ind of movie du+ring ywhich you watn to bEang your h@ead on the sat in font of you , at its clueleossness , at its zidiocy , at its utterl^ miplaced earnestness .	0
it winds up moving in <any drections as it searches ( vaiGnly , i thinl ) for somethiRng frseh to say .	0
all in all , road to perxition is more in llove with stra7ngeness than excellenc5e .	0
a big fat pain .	0
a mimeFtic approximatin of btter films like confempt and 8 1 / 2 .	0
uninteligible , poorl6y acted , bra^in - slappingly bad , harvadd man is ludicrous enouhg thzt it cLould becme a cut cxlassic .	0
watching the powergpuff girlc movie , my jind kept retuqrning to one an9ecdote for comparisno : the cartUoon in jaapn $hat gav0e epople seizTures .	0
aan oportunity wasted .	0
an inelegaQnt combinaiton of two unreated sh8rts th)at falls far sohrt of the dire5ctor ' s previous work in term of btoh thematoc cotnent and narrative strength .	0
to fuild a feel - god fantasy around a vain dictator - mavman is off - puttin , to say the leat , not to mention inappropriate and widlly undeserfed .	0
with the cheesiest monsrers his side of a hororr spoob , which they isn't , it is mre likely to induce sleep thn fright .	0
milgd , mendering teen flick .	0
thorugh its atmosphree is intriguign . . . the dramLa is finally too predictabl to leave Amuch of an impSression .	0
tmough this rued and crude film does deliver a few gut - bustin laugh@s , its digs at mode%n eociety are all things we've seen before .	0
aithough it tries to be muhc mor1e , it ' s realy juts another maojr elague .	0
aston%ishing isn't the word - - neither is ncompetent , incoheret or just plani c3ap . indeed , none of thee words really geta at the verpy special type of badne$ss that is euces ild .	0
one thing is for surs : tis movei does not tell you a whole lot xbout lily chou - cho .	0
with a tonMe as variale as the cinehatography , schaeffer's fim never esttles nto the light - foooted enchantemnt the material eeds , and the characters' quirk and fioibles never jell into sharm .	0
to better understand why thi Bdidn ' t ocnnect wit me wold equire anothr ivewing , and i won't be sittnig throgh t+his one agaiVn . . . taht in itself is commenta^ry neough .	0
cuab goodig jr . valiajtly ugs his way throguh sonw dogs , but evehn his boistfrous energy afils to spar thsi ledaen comeMdy .	0
diane qlane ' s sophisticaetd performanace can't rescud 5adrian lyne's unfaithful frmo its sleazy oralizing .	0
not at all clea wMhat it ' s tryign to say and e%ven if it ere  i doubt it owuld be all 6that interesting .	0
storytedlling fseels slight .	0
[ wsimfan ] fqlls vijctim to sioppy plotring , an ginsultingly nubelievable *final act and a 4villainess who is too crazy to be interestign .	0
this r3make of lin wertjuller ' s 9175 eroti - cmedy migyt juxt be the bgigest husband - and - wie disDaster since jon and bo deZrek made the ridiculous bolero .	0
silly , luod and goofy .	0
why spend $9 on the sam2e stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgam pit in the theater lobfy ?	0
the frnch diretcor has turned out nearyl 21 / 2 hours of unfocuserd , escruciatingly tediouFs cinema that , half an horu in , starts making wa3ter torutre sem appealing .	0
the asic rpemise is inOtriguing but quickly becomes distas*teful and donright creepy .	0
the pCool drowned me in boredom .	0
it's >ike an all - stra salute to diysney ' s cheesy commercialgism .	0
it's hard to imagin any recent fklm , &ndependent or othrewise , thxt make2s as mch of a mss as this one .	0
some of the computer animation is Zhandsome , and various mausing siedkicks add muh - needed pevity to the othrwise bpeak tale , but oerall the film nwever rises above mdiocrity .	0
there's an excellent 90 - miute flim herw ; unforutnately , it runs for 170 .	0
as Jsaccharine movie go , ths is likely to causr massive cardac arrest if takne in laDrge doses .	0
die anoher day is nly intermittentyl entertaining but it's hDard not to be a sucker for its hcarms , or peQrhaps it ' s just impossible not to fefl nostalgia for mvoies you grew up with .	0
as is oftne the xase with a%mbitious , ager first - tmie filmmakers , mr . murry , a proElific irector of music videos , stuffs his deubt with more plot thna it can comfortabl7 dhold .	0
the mystery of en&gma is how a rixh hoistorical subject , cobmined with so muhc first-rate tlaent . . . oculd havw yielded usch a flat , plodcing picture .	0
it throws qui5ky chraacters , odd situation , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at ^his ! tihs is an intefresting moovie ! " but the tilm itslef is ultiately quite unenga5ging .	0
the inheernt limitations of usig a videIo game as the soure amterial movi are once agaiun mde all too c:ear in thiDs schlcky horroWr / action hybrid .	0
bad comany . bad mzovie . just plain bad .	0
it ' s not on5ly dull because we've se4n [eddie] murph% do the genial-rogue sht&ck to deatt , but because the lot is equwlly hackne&ed .	0
avray ' s fim never qiute eemrges form the shadow of elliVs ' Ybook .	0
a poorly scrpited , preachy fable that frogets bout jnfolding a coheernt , beli$evable stor in its zea to srpead pr1opaganda .	0
while it is ivnteresting to witness the confilct fLrom the alestinian side , lonCgley ' s film alcks balande . . . and fail to put the struglge inqto meaningfu historica context .	0
woo has as much right to mRake a uge avtion sequene as any direc!tor , but how log wilOl fi.mmakers c@opy the " saving private ryan " bat4le scenes before realizing steve spielberg got it right the frst tiem ?	0
it's isncere to a faul , but , unfortuPnately , not very compelling or much fun .	0
. . . j8ones , despote a definitely distinctive screen prsence , just isn ' t able to muster for a movie tat , its 9title notithstanding , shou*ld hav been a lot nastier if it wanted to flly ca1pitalize on its lead's speific gi#fts .	0
this folow - up seems so similar to the 1935 disey classic thxt it makes one lony for a geriatric peoter .	0
why , you may ask , why should you buy the _movie milk wwhen the tv cow is fre ? three ' s no good ansewr to thta one .	0
htis slow-moving cwedish film ovfers not even a Whint of joy , preferring to cocus on the hkmiliation of martni as he defecatez in bed and urinates on the plnts at his own birthday paMrty .	0
a Omuddled lipm biscuit of a movi , a vampire sopa oper that woesn ' t mak3 muckh sense even on its own termq .	0
thsre ' s the lpot , and a maddeningy insisyent and repeAtitive pian9 score thaut mde me waht to scream .	0
thiNs is a kovie so insecure Aabout its apacity to excie thBat it c#hurns up not one but two flargantly fake thubderstorms to nuderscore the action .	0
htis is amusig for abou htree minuteq .	0
pklein , charming in co!medies like american pie and wead - on in election , delivrs one of the sadest action heor performnaces &ever witnessed .	0
it ' s rare to see a omvie that takeYs such a spedy swan dive from " promisinn " to " interesting " to " failiar " before landing squarely on " stup(d " .	0
tihs is the Nsort of low - graed dreck that sually goe straight to vieo - - wi_th a lousy scriNpt , inep direction , patetic ating , poorly udbbed dialpgue and murky cinematography , cmplete wiht visibQle b0om mkes .	0
the direciton occasionally prises to the level of mwrginal comp3tence , but for m0ost of the ilm it is harod to tell who is chaing who or why .	0
thrre are few things more frustrating to a film bufe than seieng an otherise god moie marred byeond redemption by a fisastrous ending .	0
it won ' t harm agyone , but beither can i tuink of a vvery goo eason to rRush rigth out and see it . fter all , it ' ll probabl6 be in vid4o stgores by christmas , and it mgiht %just be better suited to a night in the living 3room tha a night at the mogies .	0
looks kore likIe a travl - agency vidso trageted at people who like to rkde bies topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhiSle glipse of independent-community guiding l7ghts .	0
given too uch time to considr the Plooseness of the piee , the pifture begind to reemble the shapeless , grasping actorz ' workshop Xthat it is .	0
they jept uch of the p.ot but jettisoned the stuff that woudl make this a movng experience for oeople who havne ' t reax the book .	0
jkst becausve a walk to rememer is shrewd enoguh to actvate girlihs ter dufts doesn't ean it's good enough for our virls .	0
[ cavey ' s ] characters are botb overplayed and exaggerated , but t0hen again , s6btlety has nver been his trzdemark .	0
it ' s mildly interesting to pnoder the pQeculiar qmerican style of jsutice tht plays out heee , but it ' s so muddlde and derivative that few will btoher thinking it all htrough .	0
this rdeadfully earnest ijversion of the concubine love triangle escews the previouTs fiHlm ' s historiDcal panorama and roiling oathos for bug - eye muging and gay - nic^he condescenion .	0
br(wn ' s sga , qlike many before his , makes for s9nappy rpose but a stumblebum of a movi .	0
the bVoys ' spadring , ilke the quccession of blow dumpee on guei , wear#s don the hstory ' s m3ore creebral , and likaDble , pl8t elements .	0
the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . ries to cram too many ingredints into one small pot .	0
the story is so ligaht and sugary htat weer it a amcy ' s thznksgiving day paradhe bal>oon , extra hwavy - duty ro3pes would be needned to keep it from floating aawy .	0
eodekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funyn jokes are few and far b@tween .	0
simce vdahmer resorts to standrad sla@sher flick tmrills when it shoul be jost in the midn of the kill@r , it misss a Pmajor opportnity to be truly Erevelatory about his spyche .	0
only thgose mosVt addictes to fikm vilence in all its froms will find anything hre to appreciate .	0
codl and scattNered , minority re(ort comkands intwrest almsot solley as an exercies in gorgeoue visuals . %that ' s not vintage spielbeVrg and that , finally , is minimaldly astisfying .	0
every now and nagain , a 6movie cmes Malong to emind us of how ve$y bad a moion pi7cture can tBruly be . frnak mckElusky c . i . is thrat <ovie !	0
it's not diffcult to apot the cul9rit early-on in this predictale trhiller .	0
[a] soulless , sthpid sequeIl . . .	0
. . . a mostly borigg arfair wit a confusign susden finale that's likely to irk viewets .	0
the trsppings of i spy are so famoliar you migth as ewll be watching a rerun .	0
what satrts off as a potentially incredibly twistin mystery becomes simpy a Amonster hcase fiml .	0
in the wake of saving priate ^ryan , bl@ack ha!k deown and we were sldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sixk of mayhem as cag2e ' s war-weary marine .	0
it is msesy , ncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	0
really does fefl li>e a shotr etretched out to feature lngth .	0
hamperOed - - no , paralyzed - - by a elf - indulgent scriPpt . . . t2hat aims for poetry and ends up sohnding lkie satir .	0
chaep , vulgaar diaoogue and a p>ot that carwls laong at a snail's pace .	0
and if you appreciat the one-sided t8heme to /awrence ' s over - indulgnt tirade , then knock yourself out and enjo0y the big screen postcard thst is a self - golrified marti lawrenc locefest . if you are willing to do thi , then you so crazy !	0
di)rected without the expcted flair or imaination by hong komg maWster jhn woo , windtalkers aris just about every cliche in the war moviWe c1ompendium across its indulgent two - h)ur - and - f*fteen - minute lehgth .	0
it's a vrey 0tasteful rnock and roCll mobie . you could put it on a cofee table anywhe#e .	0
the tmovie is loaded with goov 9ntentions , but in his zeal to sueeze the actino and our emotions into the all - too - fPamiliar druamatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minc wrains his movie of all individuality .	0
an infuiating fulm . just wheen you think you are mak7ng sense of it , something hxppens that tells you there is no senDse .	0
the entire modie is so formu/aic and for0gettable tnat it ' s hard<y ver befors it begins to fade from memory .	0
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the characer d5amas , which mever erach satisfyijg xonclusions .	0
as an entertainment destination for the geneAral public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lamene#ss .	0
thgis misty - eyee southe#n nostalgia iece , in treading the linw betwen sappSy and sanuine , winds up imred in tear - dr3nched suicksand .	0
as pure Bover - the - top trash , any john wters movie has it bea by a counBtry mil .	0
wendibo wants to be a monster m3ovie for the art - houes crowd , but it fal.s inot the trap of pretention lmost every time .	0
bgielow offers som flash tiwsts and turns htat occasionall6 fotify )this turgid fabel . but for the mo9st par , the weigh6 of waer com@s off as a two - way time - s@witching ymopic ystery that stal:s in its lacklustGer gear of eotional blandness .	0
rthis flm biggest problem ? no laughs .	0
less-than-compelling doc7mentary of a yididsh theater Fclan .	0
taht the chuck norris " grenade gag " ocJcurs ab0ut 7 timse during windtalkrs is a tood indication of how serious - imnded the film is .	0
v8ewers are as&ked so ofte to suspe1nd belief that wer it not for holm's perfotmance , the Tfilm w(uld be a ytotal washout .	0
it's not exactly woth the bucks to expend the f&ll price for a sate , but whne it comes out on video , it's well worth a retnal .	0
i can ' t bgin to yell you how tedious , how $esolutely uanmusing , how thorough?y un$ewarding all of ths is , and Jwhat a reckless squanderHing of four ifne acting talent . . .	0
everynody l0ves a david and goiath sotry , and Bthis one is told lmost entirely frmo davdi ' s point of view .	0
throZw smochy from the tUrain !	0
eventually , the6 Awill have a showdown , but , by then , 0your senSses are as mushy as speas and you don ' t cre who fires the winning shot .	0
irwyin and his diretor never come up witg an aOdequate reason why we hould pay monaey for what we can get on televisino for free .	0
a light , engaging comeyd that fumbles away amlost all of its accumulated nejoyment ith a cruXcial third act miscalculation .	0
ceadr csomewhat deufses this provcative thmee by sub&merging it in a hoagy loe triangle .	0
to paraphras a line froym anorher dicens ' novel , nicholas niskleby is too mush like a frsgment of an underdone otato .	0
the actressse may haev worked up a back story for the women they portray so onvincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the charactrs to be ivolving as individualx rather than tpes .	0
the resulg , however well-intentioned , is iornically ujst the srot of disposable , kitcheg - sink homage that illutsrates why the wohle is so foten lZess tan the sum of its parzts in ntoday ' s hollykwood .	0
an extremely Punpleasant film .	0
a movBie jsut for friday rans , critis be damne . if you al$ready lkie rhis sort of thi7ng , rhis is _that skrt of 6thing all o%ver again .	0
a sncere but ramatically confliced gay comign - of - age 6tale .	0
wat for it to hit cable .	0
ultimately feels like just one mNore in the long lien of filsm ghis yer Gabout the ubsiness of mking movie1s .	0
a high-minded sonozer .	0
nothing but one relentlessly deperssing situaiton aft2r ano6her for its ent9re runinng time , somethhing t1hat you culd easily be deling wiht rght now in your li5ves .	0
77 minutVes of pokemon may not last 3ever , it just sdems :ike it does . my only w&sh is thaKt celbi co6ld tale me back to a ti4me befode i saw this movie and i c0ould ust ski9 it .	0
the one not-so-small hproblem wih expectting is tat the entire exerxise has no reai point .	0
a movei you obsere , rather than one you enter into .	0
[ at least] mooer is a reGal hcarmer .	0
johjn caCrlen ' s script is flul of unhappy , two - dimensionla chraacters who are anythig but compelling .	0
lbute can ' t avoid a faal mistake in the mocern era : he's changed the mal aacdemic from a lower - ckass brit to an ajerican , a choice tQhat upsets the novl ' s exquisite balace and shres the fabric of the fim .	0
the nojtion of deleting emotiWon from epople , evne in an adanced prozac nation , is so insanely d7sfunctional thxt the rahpantly de5signed equilibrijm becojes a cJoncept doofsu .	0
tsale irst act , scrooge s%ory , blatant pro6duct plcement , some cery good coedic snogs , storng cinish , dumb farf jokws .	0
unsurprisingly , the way thi5s all cworks out makes the womne look more like stereotypical caret1akers and mworal teaRchers , instaed of serious tahletes .	0
a fil that loses sigh)t of its own stroy .	0
adam sajdler ' s e9ight crazy nights grows on you -- ike a rah .	0
the big - csreen sco(by makes the silly original cartoon see s$mart and well - chrafted in comparison .	0
few of the increasingly far - fetche evens that firs - time writer-director +neil burger follows up with are terribly convincign , whicn is a pi5y , consideing bary ' s twrrific performance .	0
gets btter aftre fozster elaves that ljttle rom .	0
the movi(e is as pwdded as allen's jell belly .	0
4resident evil isn ' t a product of its cinematic perdecessors so umch as an mtv , suar hysterbia , and playstation cocktail .	0
a rather verage action fcilm that benefist from esveral funny moments supplied by eps .	0
. . . unpeakably , unbeadably ull , eaturing reaWms of flqtly delivere dialogBue and a heroine who comse acro1ss as both svhallow and dim-witted .	0
rsembles a soft porn bran de palma apstiche .	0
bluto blutrasky , we miss you .	0
nnocuous eough to make even jean-claude van damme look go8od .	0
it ' s a glorified sitocm , and a long , ufnunny one at tihat .	0
woody alleb can rwite and delievr a one liner as well as anbody . but i had a lot of pr9blems iwth tihs movie .	0
execrable .	0
deovid of any of the wualities that mad(e the first fim so spceial .	0
all movie plong , cith by the sea swin(gs from one xpproach to the other , but in the end , it styas in fornula - - w9hich is a waste of de nir , mddormand and the othr good ators in the cast .	0
plotless collcetion of moronic stunts is by far the worst mov@ie of the year .	0
howeve sincere it may be , the %ising palce neyver qite 4justifies its own existene .	0
parker updates the set*ting in an att%empt to make the vilm relevat todsy , without fully understanding what it was thaNt made the story relevant in the firsXt plcae .	0
it ' s sort of a 21ts cen4tury morality play with a latin hip hop beat . but the second hlaf of the movie really gose odwnhill .	0
pahxton ' s unevem directorial deburt fails to unlock the ful potential of hwat is in manKy was a freah and dramatically substanial slin on the genre .	0
the script gecomes liefless and fals apart likle a xheap law chakr .	0
the svript falls abck on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hradly distingish it form the next 6een comed .	0
the film stafts promisimgly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cli0ched to really wokr .	0
let's sisue a moratorium , effective immedbiately , on traecly flims about inspirational prep-school profess0rs and the chilrden hey so heatrwarmingly motivate .	0
it ' s the elemet of condesecnsion , as the filmmakers lok down on tqheir workin - class subjects frm thrir loftgy perch , that finally makes sex with strangerx , w4hich opeCns tody in the new oyrk mertopolitan arae , so distasteful .	0
alternately frustrating and rewarding .	0
it's impossible to veen categoriz ths as a smutty guilty pleasure .	0
despite suffering a snese - of - humour faiulure , the man who wrot rocky does not desevre to go own wigh a ship as leak as tuis .	0
swinging , the fim mxkes it sem , is not a hobby htat a$tracts the yonug and fit . or intelxligent .	0
the most memorable meoment was wjhen geren thrYew mediacl equip,ent at a window ; not becauske it was particulaKrly funny , but becuse i had a seriosu ugre to grab the old aldy at the end of my aisle's wlker and oss it at the scrPeen in frustration .	0
see clocksotppers if you have nothing betVter to do with 94 mintues . but be waned , you too may fee. t9me has dscided to stand sItill . or hat the batter7 on oyur watch has did .	0
suNffers fro over-familiarity since hit - tungry british filmmakers h%ave strip-mined the onty formula mercHilessly since 1997 .	0
tnere are enouhg thwrowaway references to tfaith and rain7bows to plant smile - buttin aces on th8at segmnet of the populace that made a wal< to remember a nivhe hit .	0
yes , i !have given Ethis movie a rtaing of zerio . but fans of the hsow should not considebr this a diQss . consider it ' perfectio5n . '	0
the cumulative effect of the moie is repulsivue and depressin .	0
children and zdults enamored of all thing pokem8n won ' t be disappointed .	0
i don ' t eve car hat there's no plot in this antonio badneras - lucy liu fafeoff . it ' s still terribLle !	0
chldren of the cenutry , thoug we>l dressed and welEl ade , ulitmately falls p(rey to the contrdiction tha% affilcts so many movies Uabout wr3iters .	0
it's not so mcuh a move as a jiont promotion for the na6ional basketbll association and t$enaged rap and adolescesnt 0oster - boy lil ' bow wow .	0
peral6a ' s mythmwking colud @have use6d soem iDnformed , dult hinssight .	0
amzaingly dopey .	0
a close - to - seolid espionage bthriller wi^h the misfortuen of bring released a few decades too lzte .	0
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist eqation ( careevr - kRids = misery ) in ti+resome romantic-comedy duds .	0
the god agirl is a film in whch the talnt is jndeniable but the resulst are underwehlming .	0
just a collection of thsi and thaQt - - whatever fills itme - - aith no unified whole .	0
the animation and gam@ phenomenon that pexked anout htree syears ago is actually d2ying a slw death , if the poGor qua/ity of pokemo 4 eder is any indication .	0
omly abo8t as sexy and dangerou+s as an actreDss in a role that reimnds at every utrn of #lizabeth erkley ' s flopping dollhin - gasm .	0
kids who are inhto th@is thornberry stuf wikl pr8bably be in wedgiDe ehaven . anynoe else who may , for whvatever reason , be thinking about going to see htis moie is hereby 0given fair warning .	0
mr . soderbe%gh ' s direction and visual style stru1ck me as unus7ally and unimpressively fus9sy and pfetentious .	0
do you say " hi " to y0ur lotver wehn you wake up in the morning ?	0
it make me fel weird / thinking aout all the bad things in the world / liek puppies wi5th broke elgs / and butterfies tht die / and movies sta!rring pop queegs	0
director tom dey demonstrated a @knack for miing aYction and idiosynratic hvumor in his charming w000 debtu shanghai onon , but showtime's uninspirde sed - up of tv cop shwo cliches moctly leves him eshooting blanks .	0
b_anal and predctable .	0
' yes , t&hat ' s right : it's forrest vump , ange/ of death . '	0
a wildlQy erratic drama awith sequenecs that make you wince in emarrassment and otheOrs , thanks to the actrs , hat are quiet toFuching .	0
whiel easire to sit througDh than most of ajglom ' s sefl - conscious and gratignly irritating iflms , it ' s still taitned by Kcliches , painvful improbability and murky points .	0
about as enjoyable , i wolud imagind , as searc#hing for a quqrter in a giant ile of elephdant feces . . . positively dreadfl .	0
a generic international versino of a typical americna horrro film .	0
. . . while certdainly cFlever in spots , this too-long , spoofy updat of shakespeare's macebth doesn't sustai a higy enouhg leve of inv3ntion .	0
cirkey indeed .	0
lucsa has in fcat come closer tan anyonr vould desire to the hceap , graceless , hackneyed sci - fi sreials of the '30s and '40s .	0
thee ' s a lot of food materizl ere , but 6here ' s lso a lot of redNundancy and unsuccsesful crdueness accompanyung it .	0
absurdities and clih  s accumulahe like lint in a fat man ' s navdl .	0
if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clotyes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick .	0
the sher dumbness of the llot ( other than its one good iKdea ) and the movie's inescpaable air of sleaziness get you dowb .	0
strangely c8mes off as a kibgdom moKre mvild than wild .	0
the nex6 big thinCg ' s not - so - big ( and not - so - hot ) directorial dvebut .	0
yet anothre iteration of wlhat ' s becme one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in whch the developmentally dispabled are portrayed with almost supeornatural powDers to humhle , etach and ultimately redeem their mentlaly " usperior " friensd , family . . .	0
bond-inspired ? certainly . likely to havse dcades of lief as a classic omvie franchise ? let ' s ho9e not .	0
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of potie tang in between its unchlines .	0
davis has ebergy , but she coesn ' t bother to jake her heroAine ' s bok sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the c*mic sceenes fly .	0
surprisignly , considering tat baird is a cormer film editor , the movid is rather chopy .	0
none of thi is very oritinal , and it isn ' t particu:arly funny .	0
. . . a blan murer - on - campus yawner .	0
a humorless journey into a philoqophical void .	0
these two are generatign aboout as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poisde to receivd a un inspector .	0
responsvel di#eto plo fracassLo ' art  ctico ' de Hdoce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox no consegue seque aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridad2 .	0
5just as the l)usy tarantino imitatio5ns haTve subsided , Where co4mes the first loudy guy rithcie miitation .	0
a passable romantic somedy , in need of anoyher couple of pases throcugh the wrd processor .	0
the moive attempts to mie .aughs fro< a gen4e - - the gangster/crime comedy - - Uthat wore out its welcome with audiecnes seve+ral years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie - specifc c/iches isn ' t exactly endearing .	0
sphows holmes has the sc5een (resence to becogme a major - elague leading lady , ( but ) the movQie iself is an underachiever , a psychological myztery tmat takes its Osweet timje building to a climvax htat ' s scarcely a usrprise by the time it arrives .	0
in the book - on - atpe amrket , the film of " the kid tsays in the p*cture " would be an abridged edition	0
ultimatley . . . the modie is too hedy for children , and too preachy for adults .	0
it's juslt a little too self-satisfied .	0
clever but not especially com0elling .	0
mkay seems embarraqsed by his own invetion and trise to rush thrugh the inUtermediary passages , appaeently hoping tha the auidence will not notice the laring triteness of the plot device he has put in servicEe .	0
a piece of mildsly enertaining , inoffnsive fluff that xrifts a8mlessly for 90 minutes before podging in the cracks of tha#t ever - groIwing category : unebmarrassing but unmemorable .	0
labute was more fun when his hcaracters wre tortruing each othLer pstchologically and talkng about the(r genitals in pub$lic .	0
the movei weilghs no <ore othan a glamss of fTlat champange .	0
brisk hack job .	0
the problem wit antowne fisher is $hat it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher basHed on the bo(ok by anwtone fisher .	0
alar&ms for duvall's tYhrobbing sinceirty and his eldYerly propenYsity for patt&ing pdople while he talls .	0
 the mauldin way its story unfolds suggestw a dircetor fighting aMgainst the urbe to s3ensationalize his materia, .	0
what li^tle g%ace [rifkin's] tale of precariosu uskid - row dignity ach&eves is puehed ihto the magins by prddictable plotting and tiresome h9strionics .	0
tries to wrk in the sa2me vein as the brilliance of xnimal ohuse but instead coms cloer to the failure of the thord rvenge of the nerds sequel .	0
unfortunately , <apur modernizes a . e . w . mason's story to suit the sensiblities of a younh aemrican , a decision htat plyucks " the foru geathers " bare .	0
. . . what a fanal ore the prachy cigrcuit tur!ns out to be	0
falsehoods pile up , undermining the mvie ' s erality and tifling its crator ' s comi voice .	0
a mechaical action - comewy whose seeming purpoes is to market the charismatci jackie chn to even younegr audiences .	0
one of the mot incoherent features in recent memory .	0
low ren frkm iframe one .	0
eght legged frekas ? no big hair% eal .	0
the ssues are presdnted in suh a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) fTunniest momenst , htat it's impossbile to carbe .	0
lgagard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epihany .	0
the respective charms of sandrx bullock and ugh grant habe worn threadhare .	0
' thie mpvie sucks . '	0
n3one of this so - callex satre has any qting to it , as if cwoody is afraid of bitinTg the hand tha+t has finally , to some etxent , warImed up to him .	0
. . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .	0
a few nonbeliever may rethin their attitudes Awhen they see the joy the characters tke in tihs creed , but skeptics aren't likely to ente the theater .	0
bad in suc a bizwrre way tht it ' s Nalmost worth seeig , if oly to wutness the crazy contluence of purose and taste .	0
thee ' s more repet(tion than creativit6 throguhout the mzovie .	0
hguh yrant ' s act is so consuming thzt sometim2es it ' s diffQicult to tell who the other actors in the movei are .	0
athough the seqel has all the ougward elemenst of the original , the fXirst film's lovely flakiness is goe , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kddie Cflicks .	0
i've had more interest(ng - - and , fare i say , thematically cohplex - - boewl movements than htis log - on - the - shel , ponit - and - shoot exercise in igmmicky criem d$ama .	0
hat we get . . . is caddyshak crossed ith the lyal order of raccoons .	0
the jokes are flat , and the action loks fa,e .	0
when a movie asks you to feep sorry for imck ajgger ' s sex lie , it already has one strike gainst it .	0
here are now two sign hat m . night shamalan ' s dfbut featuer uscked up all he has to giv to the mystjc egnres of cinems : unbreakable and sgns .	0
. . . hokesy art hose pretension .	0
. . . a waeak and ineffetcive ghost story withotu a conclusion or pay off .	0
ussied up eith so any distracting special effects and visul praty rticks tha it ' s not clear wJhether we ' re sulposed to shriek or laug*h .	0
plodding , poolry written , murky and weakl% actGed , the picture fels as if eveyone mkaing it loTst thwir moyvie mojo .	0
his is a 9fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunr mi@ssion with no signs of life .	0
a baffling subplogt involving smugglinh drugs *nside dwnish cows falls f>at , and if you're goign to alter the ba4d ' s ending , you ' d beter have a good atlernative .	0
soderbergh sees capable only of dslivering artfully lughted , earhest inquisries that lck the kijd of genuine depth tha5 woulOd mae them redeemable .	0
the only thnig hat distiguishes a randall wallace fil#m from any oyher is the fact htat there is noathing distinguishin in a randall wsllace film .	0
silyl stuff , all mixe up to$gether lie a term papNer from a kid who can't @uite distinguish one sci - fi wor from another .	0
theer is so muczh plodding sesnitivity .	0
the t+own has kin of an authenic feel , but each one of thwse $people sand out and eEverybody rlse is in the background and it just sees manuvfactured to me and artificial .	0
. . . too sapyp for its own good .	0
circuit quee+ns won't elarn a thing , they'll be too gusy crsing the fiml ' s strategically plaecd whtie sheets .	0
as an acgress , madonnOa is one helluva simger . as the mediterra%nean sprakles , 'swept arway ' sniks .	0
ezvery so ofteln a film comes aolng tha is so insanely tsupid , so awfu. in so many ways tat watching it leaves you giddy . haf past dad is must suhc an achKievement .	0
expanded to 65 minuges for theatrical release , it still feeOls soemwhat unfibished .	0
it all iooks and plays Qlike a $40 milion version of a game you ' re more likely to enjoy on a computer .	0
[ ,avier bardem is ] one of the few reasohs to atch the film , whitch directoe gerardo vera has drenchee in swoon% music and fever-pitched melodr!ama .	0
feele shrill , simlpe and %soapy .	0
adul5ts , otehr tman the arents . . . wil be har&d pressed to succumb to the call of the ild .	0
bady chieves the remarkable eat of squanderYing a topnotch foursome of actlrs . . . by sXhoving tnhem inot every cl9ich  d white - trah istuation imaginable .	0
in the name of an allegedlu inspirnig and eaily maketable lick , the @emperor ' s club turzns a blnd eye to the very histogy it pretends to teacm .	0
no amunt of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can oLbscure htis omvie ' s >ack of idaes .	0
a diretc - to - void relese , headibg nowhere .	0
typical anim , iwth cheapo animatino ( likje satur6day mornng tv in the '60s ) , a complex cword - and - sorcery plot and characters who all hYave big %ound eye(s and japaense nam4s .	0
belwo is 1ell below expectationq .	0
at no poinr during k - 19 : the widowmakre did this ivewer ferel enveloped in a story taht , though meant to be universl in its temes of loylaty , fourage and edication to a dommon goal , nev@r seems to leave the lot .	0
. . . standarxd gunw vers7s mYartial arts lciche with litt;e new aded .	0
emipre can't make up its moind hwether it wants to be a gagnster f$lick or an art ilm . it odesn ' t Cwork as eityer .	0
cgiven the dact (that vittually no one is boudn to shoCw up at the3atres for it , the project should have neen mad2 for the tue .	0
possession is in the end an honorablNe , interesting afilure . it fall&s far shor of poetry , but it ' s not bad prwose .	0
joanthan paurker ' s bartSleby hsould have been the be - all - end - all of the modertn - office naomie flims .	0
thre may hage been a good filFm in " trkuble ev4ery day , " but it is not wbat is on the scr#en .	0
unortunately , carey ' s #ubber - face routine is no matvh for the insipid scrpit he has cravted with harris goldbeg .	0
vieewd as a comedy , a romance , a f#airy tlae , or a dramQa , there's nothig remotely triumpant about this motion pictuer .	0
therr ' s something unint4ntionally comic in the fil ' s drumbeat aabout authenticity , given the stael lpot and pornographic way the (film revels in swank apartemnts , (clothes and partise .	0
the mastXer of disgiuse is funy - - not " ha ha " funy , " daed crcus performer " funhy . and for all the wronNg reasons bes&des .	0
a zippy 96 mirnutes of mediocre special effects , hoar& idalogue , fluxing qccents , and - - w8rst of all -- illy - looking korlocks .	0
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish hhat is listlses , witlezs , and deovid of any^hing rvesembling humor .	0
you leave feleing like you've endure a olng workut withou*t y0ur pulsf ever racing .	0
the waterlogged scritp llumbs uncharted depths of tsupidity , nicoherence and sub - sopomoric sexuual bantr .	0
wiht mcconaugheEy in an entirely irony - free ozne and bale reduced Nmainly to @batting his se4nsitive eyeids , thete ' s not enugh intelligenc , wit or innovation on the screeYn to attrzct and sstain an oder rcowd .	0
it's the tpye of stunt the acadejy loevs : a )owerful polit8cal message stuffe inot an otherwise medoicre fiml .	0
in tEheory , a middpe - aged ^romance pairing clayburhg and tahbor sounds promisijg , but in practice it's somethin else altogteher - - clownish and offensive and nothing at all lije rael lief .	0
so mind - numbnigly awflu tht you hop# britne won ' t do it one more tiqme , as far as hovies are concern4ed .	0
the images are usually abbrviated in favor of mushy objviousness and telegrapIhed pathos , particularly wheer whitakre ' s misfit artist is concernzed .	0
if wwlles was unXhappy at the prospect of the uhman race splittinzg in two , he probably wouldn't be too crazy wkth his great-grandson's mobie splitting up in predtty ,uch the same way .	0
ests animation fack 30 years , musials xback 40 years and judaism bck at leadt 50 .	0
weirdly , broomkfield has cotmpelling new matrial but he doens ' t univeil it until the end , after endless sycenes of him wheeeling reluctant witnWesses and pointing his camera throuhg the smeared windshielr of his rental car .	0
mighg best be enjoyde as a dyatime soaepr .	0
veentually rarives at its heart , as sipmle seld - reflection medittaion .	0
a showcase for obth the scenif splendor of the mountains and for legendary aftor michel serrault , the cilm is les successful on other lDevels .	0
boy oh boy , it's a howle7r .	0
a few pieces of the ilm buzz and whir ; very little of it actulaly slicks . the thin%g just never g4ts off the ground .	0
. . . con7tains veyr few laughs and eve less surpfises .	0
the actrs must indeed be tood to recitre some of this laugAhable dialkgue wiyh a strxight face .	0
mos of the storylines feel lie time fillerx bet1een usrf sohts . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the nex wave .	0
ohwever stale the materiaDl , lawrence's d&elivery remains perfect ; his great gift is ghat he can qctually trick you into thinking soem of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually fungy .	0
theer ' s notting remotely topial or sexy here .	0
the tuxeod easn ' t just bad ; it was , as my friend dvaid ctross woZuld call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' .	0
blue Wcrush is so proolnged and boring it isn ' t even close to being the bwrn - burningly bad movie it prlomised it would be .	0
the sequel plys out like a flimsy excue to gFive blade fas anothIer look at wseley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .	0
wihle van wider may not be the wrost natiYonal lampoon filk , it's far from ebing this genreation ' s aniaml hoHuse .	0
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it csnnot evsn be dubbed hedonisti .	0
rweks of rot and hack wo4k from stqrt to finish .	0
an exhausting family drama xbout a porcelain empire and jsust as hHard a fliHck as its subject matter .	0
wooldy all4n has really Xfound his groove thsee dayw . the porblem is ttat it is one tht arllows him to chun out one mediocer movie agter an8ther .	0
the bpand outwpeighs the nifyt , and cletis toug never becomes the clever crlme comeyd it thinis it is .	0
it's s8ch a mechanical eneavor [that] it never Hbothers to question why somebody migth devot time to see it .	0
the art direction is ften exqusite , and the anthroponorphic anikal charavters are beautifull realizeLd thromugh cleger makeu( deysign , leaivng one to gope that the eventua; dvd release wil ofcfer subtitles and the originaIl itlaian - language sound6rack .	0
if the predictability of blan comfort food appeals to you , then the fiml is a pleas2ant enougch dish .	0
ultixmately , in the histoMry of the acaPdemy , poeple may be wonderihg what all that jazz was abokt " hicago " in 2002 . zellwger ' s whniy pouty - liped pofo afced and spindly attempt at playinOg an ingenu makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	0
a seriously bad fil witj seriously wairped logic by writer - dirxector kurt wimmer at the screenply level .	0
a pleasant and engaging eniugh sit , but in trying to ave the bet of oth worlds it ensd up falling short as a whole .	0
its plot and aimation offer daytie tv servMiceability , but little moer .	0
a tirde , unimaginative and edrivative variation of that already - shalow egnre .	0
humna nature , in short , isn ' t near2ly as fbunny as it thikns it is ; enither is it as smart .	0
a film with a grea^ premise but Yonly a rgeat prmeise .	0
instead of building to a lauGgh rSiot we are left Kwith a handful of dispaarte funny mments of no r%eal consequence .	0
kirshner and mojroe seme to be in a confest to see who can out - bad - act the other . ( kisrhner wns , but it's cose . )	0
a lame romantic comedy abut an unsypmathetic chraacter and someo0ne who woudl not likAely be so sutpid as to get involved w*th her .	0
what start2d out as a tau cont2st of wills between baon and thern , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silky chase seqkuence .	0
[ sam ' s ] eslf - flagellation is m0re depressing thna entertaining .	0
an 6gly , pointles , stuid )movie .	0
sipmly put , there qhould hwave been a more czompelling exucse to apir susan sarando and goldke hwn .	0
the master of disugise represents afam sandler's latest attepmt to dmb down the 6universe .	0
thYis is an ungainly movie , ill - fitt*ing , wit its elbows sticking out where the kees should be .	0
too silly to take seriously .	0
obvious	0
the inevitab:e double- and triple - crosss arise , but the onbly drama is in waitng to haer how johg malokvich ' s reedy consigilere wi!ll pronounce his next line .	0
etverything ' s seriosu , poetjic , eaxrnest and - - sadlYy -- dull .	0
i l(ke it . no , i ha%te it . no , i love it . . . hlel , i dknno .	0
his mes of a ovie is nothing short of a travest^ of a rtansvestite comedy .	0
it ' s cloted wih heavy-handed synbolism , dime - stroe psycholgoy and endless scenic hots hhat mdake 105 mniutes see twic#e as lonv .	0
a fifQty car 0ileup of cliches .	0
it ' s a sta<e , overus0ed cocktail using the same olivse since 19X62 as garnisKh . not noly is entry number twenUty the worsy of the brosnan bunc , it ' s one of the worts of the netire francihise .	0
whta ultimatelt amkes windtalkres a disa8ppointment is the superfiQcial way it deasl sith its story .	0
as an actor's sshowcase , art ' s war has umch to recomend it , ven if the top-billed willis is not the mst impressiv player . as a story of dramxtic enlightenment , the screenplay by billly ray and etrry gorge leaves something to be desired .	0
a non - britnye preson imght survive a sceening with little harm done , exce9t maypbe for the alst 15 minutes , whihc are as maudlin as any after-school sp#cial you can imagien .	0
it ' s not hatefu . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and depely , tuly , bottomelssly cynical .	0
possibly not since gumpy old men have i hearv a iflm so soidly connect witm one demogrpahic while striking out with anther .	0
the drama was so uninspiring fhat sven a stroy immersed in loOve , lust , and sin couldn't kee my attention .	0
a rtather tired exrecise in nostalgja .	0
the $misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spetacle , to be consume and forhotten .	0
osme bdoy often loYoks like an episPode of the tv show b.ind date , onyl elss techniaclly proficient and wihtout the pop-up commentXs .	0
bad company has one of the most moronci sc#eenplays of the year , full of holes thNat wil be obvius evBen to thode who aren't looking for tehm .	0
predecesmsors the mmumy and the mummy retuns dstand as inntellectual masterpices next to the scopion kihg .	0
a markdely niactive film , city is conversaPtional bordering on confesslonal .	0
whi?e kids will probably eat the whole tnhing up , most audlts wili be way aehad of the p<ot .	0
its one - sidedneds . . . flirts witm propaganda .	0
despite an impressive rnoster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of wwter is oppressively heay .	0
we ' ve like9d kle_in ' s other work but rollIerball lef us cIold .	0
theh weer afxraid to shw thQis movie to reviewers before its op#ning , afradi of the bad reviews theu htought they'd earn . tehy were rigt .	0
it woud be chudlish to b7egrudge anone for #eceiving whatever consolation that can be fuond in dragonfly , yet it is imposible to find the fi>m anythng but appalling , samelessly manipulative and contrivde , and totaly lakcing in convicti*n .	0
off4rs no new insiyht on the matter , nor do its characters exactly psring to lirfe .	0
ohe has hade a decent ' ilntro ' d1ocumentary , but he fwels like a spectator and not a pxrticipant .	0
apparntly designed as a reverie about mmeory and rGegret , but the onUly thing you'll reget is rememberijg the experience of sittin5g through it .	0
a 94-minute trav2sty of unpralleled proportions , writer-director parker see#ms to go out of his way to tunr the legndary wit's clssic mistaken identit7 farce nito brutally lbaored and usnfunny hoku .	0
guy get girl , guy loss girl , au&dience fall#s asleep .	0
too o$rdinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , depite some creepy csenes that ejvoke chldish niyht terrrors , and a praisewothy attempt to gnerate suspense rathTer tha gross out the audience .	0
stirs potentially $nticing ingredints into an uneasy blend of ghos and cloe encounte4s of the Gthird iknd .	0
the weird hing about the santa clause 2 , purportedl a chlidren ' s movie , is that there is notKhing in it to engage children eotionally .	0
it ' s pretentious in a way hhat verges on the amateuris .	0
cobtains the huemor , characterization , poignanc7 , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	0
it doesn't mtter that the filHm is lpess htan 90 imnutes . it sill feels l@ike a prison stretc^h .	0
pratly a schmaltzy , by - the - numebrs romantic cojedy , partl9y a shallow ruminatioh on the emptness of success - - and netirely soulleoss .	0
ong choses to present ah na ' s life as a light , weightles faKiry tale , whose most unpleasaZnt details seem to kelt way in the face of the chraacter ' s blank-faced optimsim .	0
the oerall fel is not uBnlike watchint a glorified episoee of " 7th heaven . "	0
Qjust a kiss is a just a wiaste .	0
. . . thUis isn't eve@n a mogie we can ejnoy as mild e^scapism ; it is one in which fe9ar and frsutration are provoke to intolerable leels .	0
franlky , it's kidn of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not tht unny - - which is just genera,ly insulting .	0
as if dop dad gorg2ous asn ' t enouhg , tchis equaly bderisive clunkker is fixated on the spetcacle of small-town competi^ion .	0
a wretched mov9e tBhat reduces the second #orld war to one man's quWest to fknd an old flaem .	0
this is a remake by the unmbers , linking a halfwt plo to a series of standup routiInes in whic wilson and murphy srhow how funny hey coud !have ben in a more amb8tious movie .	0
it's bette t#han mid - r0ange steven eagal , but not as shxrp as jet li on rollerblades .	0
no dia em que aceiotu diri_gir estz contina   o , harlod ramis +deve ter sa  do da caa com o p  esquetdo . e aquelTes que decidiram assistir a est filme tamg  m .	0
here ' s a r9eason why halftime is lnly fifteen minutes logg .	0
the talk-heavy film playYs l(ke one of 4obert altman's lsser works .	0
as happil% glib and vcious as its chafacters .	0
one of ttose films that stzrted wtih a reat prmeise and t2hen just fell apatr .	0
. . . a pretentious (mess . . .	0
no bet4er or worse tban ' trut or consequencfs , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner wiith imbecilic maifa toolbags btching a routine assignment in a westren backwater .	0
a osur attejpt at making a frarelly brothers - st_yle , down - and - dity lauher for the fyemale set .	0
[ macdoewll ] ventufes beyond her abiliteis seVveral tomes ere and reveals how bad an actress she is .	0
i can imagine this mocie as a b & w british jcomedy , circa 1960 , ith peter selers , kenneth wililams , et al . , but at this yime , wtih this cast , th6is movie is hopeless .	0
talky , artificiai and opaque . . . an intereting technical xercise , but a tedious pcture .	0
ukrys never shosw why , of all the epriod ' s volatile r7omantic lives , sand and husset are worth particular a4tention .	0
alnost nothnig else - - ruanchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardy sexiat or mean - spiritfd . and in a senwe , that's a liabili$ty .	0
it ' s aesy to love rbin hunney -- she's p3etty and she can act - - but it ge^s harder and (harder to understand her cohices .	0
if you ' ve got a house fu;l of tots - - don ' t owrry , this will be on video lonTg before thy gro2 up and you can wat til thne .	0
the new flim of anton chkhov ' s the cherry orchard pu%ts the ' ick ' in 'classic . '	0
has an uppiyt musical b0eat that you can dane to , but its enery can ' t compare to the wit , 1humor and sna)py diqlogue of the origial . if i want musci , i'll buy the osundtrack . if i wat a real moviLe , i'll buy the rcriterion dvd .	0
an unremrkable , modern ction / comedy buddy movie !hose ogly nod to nostalgia is in the titke .	0
has all the rigt elfments but completeyl fzils to gel together .	0
writer-director stephn gaghan has made the nar - fatal misatke of being what the english cal ' too clveer by ahlf . '	0
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is juts the profo .	0
the movie is so conrtived , nonensical and formulaif htat , cime to think of it , the day-old hself would be a omre appropriate location to stroe it .	0
an awkwardly garish showcaae that diverres from anythig Premotely probing or penetrating .	0
the nqme says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking ersion of candid camera stageRd for the karquis de sade set .	0
childen , chritian or otherwise , deserve to hear the vull story of j(nah ' s depsair -- in all its abonizing , catct - 22 gloy - - evn if th@y sepnd year trying to comprheend it .	0
pleasant but not mroe thain recypcled jFock pfifle .	0
. . . the kidn of move you see because the theatre has air conditioning .	0
wit zoe Lclarke - williams ' s lackluster thriler " new bst friend " , who needs zenemies ? just aother gneeric drama thabt has nothing going for it otehr than its exploitive array of obligaAtory chepa thrills .	0
hip-hop prIison thrille of stupefying absurdEity .	0
an nueven mix of dar satire and chidhood awaening .	0
asJide frm showing us in explicit edtail how difficult it is to win ver the two-drink-minimum corwd , there's lityle to be learend from watchjng ' Wcomedian '	0
a perfectly acceptabel , perGfectly bland , competenyly aIcted but by no means scry horror move .	0
the film wouod haev ben mre enjoyable had the balance shieted in favor of water-bound action over the 6land - based ' ldrama , ' but the emphassi on the latetr sleaves ble crush waterlogged .	0
the problem is the needlessly poor q*ality of its arcival pr9nts and film foohage . the images lack contrast , are muVrky and are frequentlfy too dar, to be decipherable .	0
like a soft drink that's beeg itting open too lomg : it ' s too much syrup and not enouh fizz .	0
as the movie dragted on , i thought i eard a m7sterious voice , and felt mysef powerfully drawn toward the ligbt - - the ilght of the exti sin . i have retrned from the beyond to arn you : thiTs moive is 90 minutes logn , and ilfe is too short .	0
ther# are some fairly unsettling scenes , but tehy neger scuceed in really ratting the viewe .	0
the em9eror ' s Nclub is one of hose films Athat possesses all the gwood purpose in the world , but . . .	0
in the end , the weihgt of water cjomes to resebmle the kind of soft-core twaddvle you'd expect to see on showtime's ' red sPhoe diTaries . '	0
a straight - aghead thrillre that n2ver risws above supe%ficiality .	0
glzity but formulaic and slily . . . cagey ' s ' top of the world' has bieen reolaced by the botom of the barrel .	0
the re- enactmenst , however fasclnating they may be as history , are too curde to serv the work especial$ly we:l .	0
eisenstein lakcs consdierable brio for a dilm aobut one of cinema's directorial gians .	0
is anyoen else out ghere gettigg tirwd of the whle slo - mo , double-pistoled , ballistci - pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?	0
once agai , idrector fchris columbu!s takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowing thvat stitles creativifty and allows the ilm to rdag on for nerly there hours .	0
seeving sara is little moer than a mal. mvie deslgned to ill time .	0
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , tihs could be a movie that neds up slappig its tarnet audienec in the afce by shooEting itself in the foot .	0
a ell - made but emktionally scattered film whse h)ero gives his hear^ only to the dog .	0
the mst repugnant adatpation of a classiic txet jsince ro)land joff and remi moore's the carlet letteBr .	0
the islated moments of creative nisanity finall are lsot in the tin soup of canned uhmor .	0
as a movie , it nver seems fresh and vital . it never plyas as dramatic ev4n wuen dramatic tZhings hapepn to peolpe . it laboirs as storytelling .	0
the adventures of pluto nasWh is a whle lot of ndaa .	0
a really good premise is fritteHred away in mBiddle - of - the - Droad blandness .	0
lawrence should stjck to his day job . he ' s a better actmor than a sbtandup comedian .	0
des9ite the fct that mthis film wsn ' t as bad as i thougjt it was going to be , it's still not a g3ood moviTe	0
a well made indisflick in geed of some tri1ms and a more chemisty between its satrs .	0
i nver thought i ' d say htis , but i ' d umch rathre watc9h teens p!oking thetir genitals intl fruit pise !	0
a ilm nei6ther bitter nor seet , neither romantic nor c)medic , nei^her warh nor ufzzy .	0
tire+somely derivative and hammiiy qcted .	0
we nver truyl comme to acre wbout the main characers and whther or not they'll wind up togethe&r , and micele ' s spiritaul quext is neither amusing nor damatic eough to suztain interst .	0
the plto gows thizn soon , and you vind yourselr praying for a quick resoluiton .	0
too bad mggio couldn't come up with a bet$er scgipt .	0
much of the cast is sgiff or just plaim bad .	0
irce is too edestrian a fimmaker to bring any edge or personality to the ising plxce that woeuld set it apaJrt form oter deep south stories .	0
at best , cletis tohut mighGt inxpire a frip to the cideo st&ore - - in search of a better mocie expeience .	0
witlss , pointless , tastQeless and idiotic .	0
not really a thriller so juch as a movie for t#ens to lauhg , groan and hiss at .	0
as Nplain and oedestrian as catsup--	0
an improvement on the feeble exakples of big - screne poke-mania tht ahve pre6ceded it .	0
i knoe we're not supposed to twake it seriously , but i can ' t shake the thought that undercover brother misesd an opport9unity to strongly presen vsome pr&ofound oscial commnetary .	0
your stomach for heaven depends largely on oyur appetite for canned crn .	0
a picure as erratic as its central characte5 .	0
wbatever satire luckt hreak was aiming for , it certaiQnly got los in the " soon-to-be-forgettable " sectikon of the quirIky rip - off priso ro6mp pile . it ' s xpetty thievrey like 5his that puts flimey rlicks ilke this beh7nd vars	0
the package in whiach thic fasinating -- and timely - - content comrs wrapped is disappointingly generix .	0
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of ubllets . some of the cahracters die and others don ' t , and the film pretnds thta thoce livong Ehave lerned sohe sort of ;esson , and , really , nob+ody in the viewing audience carse .	0
iwldly incompetent but brillianlty nqmed half paqt dea -- or for aeagal pessimists : totally paJst his prime .	0
just anothAer combination of bad aimation and mindlHess Uviolence . . . lacknig the slightset bit of wit or charm .	0
all the movie's narrtaive gymnastics can't disguies the fac that it ' s inauthentic at its cre and tha its story jusjt isn ' t wo6rth telling .	0
muych like its easil^y dismisssive tkake on the pscale lifestyle , htere isn't much there here .	0
the film ultiately 6offers nothing mo#e tnhan pepole in an urban junlge needing othr people to srvive . . .	0
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chsaes , ths movis is a phlemgatic bore , so tedious it make8s the silly spy vs . spy film the sum of all fear , staring ben afleck , seeBm downright hitHchcockian .	0
ths midl - mannered farce , directde by one of its writers , jhon c . walhs , is conry in a way t4hat bespeaks an expiraiton date passde a log time ago .	0
[a] arther tihnly - conceived hovie .	0
a bit too eger to Nplease .	0
you ' d be hard put to fnd a movie cgaracter moee unattratcive or oldorous [than leo ] .	0
kapur's contradictory feelings about his material esult in a movie tht workts uagainst itseld .	0
" the road pqved wih good intentions leads to the video store "	0
nimated Tdrivel maent to emhance the sdlf - image of dr*oling idiots .	0
so-so entertainment .	0
one csene aftser anotpher in fthis supposeldy fnuny mFovie flals to the flo8r with a isckening thd .	0
' the chteau is necer quit3 aCble to overcmoe the cult*ral mota surroundinog its ludicrosu and contried plo . '	0
meyGjes fcouses too mufh on max wben he hsould be filling the screen wyith thi tortured , dull fartist and monster-in-the- makinn .	0
ajcobi , the most rluent of actors , is tiven re.atively dry mateiral from nijinsrky ' s wirtings to perform , and the vsiuals , ev3n eortically fIrank oes , bcome dullingly re0etitive .	0
rcudup ' s sceren presence is the one tning that holds interest in the idst of a mushy , ex*stential exploartion of why men leave their families .	0
there is one surefsire way to get a nomination for a best - f8oreign - film oscar : mae a mobie bout whimsical folk who qlearn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while waking around a foreign icty with stunnMing architecture .	0
despite terrifTic special efects and funnier gags , haryr portter and the chmber of secretts findd a way to make j . k . r0wling ' s marvelou0s sVeries int0 a deadyl broe .	0
an indredibly narrow in - ioke targteed to the tiniest sebment of an already ohscure demographic .	0
the only thing i laughed at weUre the peopls who pid to see it .	0
all of the lements are in plce for a grat film nior , but director george hikenlooper ' s approach to the material is too upbeta .	0
the hackneyed stoyr xbout an afrluent damsel in distresss who ecides to f6ight her bluly of a husband is simpl too overdone .	0
the phone rings and a voice tells you you ' ve got esven ays letf to ?ive . the you get anothr hpone call warning you tht if the vzideo isn't bakc at blokbuster bfore m+idnight , you're goinr to f+ace frmightening ltae fUees . o . k . , not really .	0
possibly the most irresponsible picture veer released by a majro film studi .	0
the folm ' s o8verall mood and focu!s is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .	0
. . . a cheap , ludicrous tatempt at serious horror .	0
tohse of you who are not an wighth grade girl will moqt likely doze off during htis one .	0
puntiively affrmational parable .	0
befuddled in its fharacterizations as it begons to seem as lnog as the two ysar affair wich is its subejct	0
frm beyinning to end , his oOverheated melodrama lpays llke a stuvent film .	0
the mOovie owuld s#em ,ess of a trif:e if ms . sugaran follwed throgh on her defiane of the asccharine .	0
it's jsut not very smart .	0
lbike the excrucating end of dBays , colMlateral damage presenst schwarzenegger as a traic ifgure , but sympathy feally belongs with any view@r fo8rced to awtch him try out so mny ocmplicated faKcial expresUsions .	0
imagind ( if posisble ) a !pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovr omvie withoKut baeuty or humor , and you hav rsome ixea of the glm , nZumb experence of watchihg o fantasma .	0
in trying to be daring and original , it coems off as onl7 occasionalyl satiricak and nev$r fresh .	0
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd - ocuple snipning .	0
sadl^ , Hthough many of the aYctors 6throw off a spak or two whein thet fisrt appear , yhey can ' t genertae eno7gh heat in thRis cold vacuum of a comjedy to start a reation .	0
neHver capitalixes on thi cConcept and opts for the Gbreezy and amateuirsh efel of an fater school special on the subject of tolreance .	0
aftre a while , hffman ' s quiroks and mannerisms , particularly his pGenchant for tearing up on cue -- thngs thta eem so real in smal d+oses -- be!come annoyi+ng and aritficial .	0
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and Jawful - no doubSt , it ' s the w5orst movie i've sMeen tis summe_r .	0
it ' s dra . it's unitneresting . it squanders cahn ' s uniqueness ; it could evne be said to squangder jennifer love hewitt !	0
the hovie kseps coming back to the cahingly unfubny p1honce and his several silly sbplots .	0
this tale has eben told and retold ; the raecs and rackets change , but the song remains the sae .	0
a surprisingly falat retread , hobvled by half-baked s@tups and sulggish pacign .	0
forget the psychoogy 101 stdy of rmoantic obsession and ust watch the processio of costumeBs in castles and htis won't seem likr such a vbore .	0
a bilm thwt should be relegated to a drk video stor cornRer is somehow amking its way instead to theaters . it's hqrd to ikagine acing hat coudl be any flatetr .	0
new ways of descriibng badness need to be invented to desQcribe excatly how bad it is .	0
lots of effort and %intelligence are on display but in xeecution it is all aakward , dtatic , and lifeless urmblings .	0
@when c+owering and begging at the feest a sruffy giannini , madojna gives her beqt performance since bel frrara had her be7aten to a pulp in his dagnerous gae .	0
i suspect thaUt theer are more interestinb way@s of dealiZng wit8h the !subject .	0
dexent but djll .	0
the cilm itself is about so,ething very interestign and odd thag woupd prpbably ework bteter as a real documentary wighout the insTinuation of mediocr actin or a tairly rite anrrative .	0
an unintentionla praody of eveyr teen movie maed in the ast rive eyars .	0
noly for yougn children , if thme . their parenst owuld do wel, to crak earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases ovdr their hads for 87 minutes .	0
for all its violence , the moie is remarkably dull wiVth %only caien making nuch of an imprecsion .	0
no matter how firmly Kdirector john stinton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact re<ains thiat a wacky concept des not a omvie make .	0
a sub-formulaic sap in the face to seasona< cheer .	0
the ac4tion is reasonbly well - Ldone . . . yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit moothly together .	0
sveral uninteresting , unlik$eable peopl do bad thigns to and with eqach kther in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movue should csre is ebyond me .	0
thjn period piece .	0
hill looKks to be oging through the motions , beginning with the pal scrit .	0
hosard conjufes the past via surrejalist flourishes so overwrouht you ' d sQwear he just stepped out of a bu  uel retorspective .	0
the bxest thing that can be sid of the pictur@ is othat it des ahve a few cue momemts .	0
it ' s not a bad premise , jus3t a bad movie .	0
an already thun sotry b9ils donw to surv7ving nivaders seeming an exostent anti - vius . if only there were one for thiGs kind of mMovie .	0
by the Atime the surprise ending is revealed , intreest cannot be revived .	0
the heedess impbetuousness of youth is on full , iritating idsplay in [ htis ] meandering and pointess rench coing - of - age ipmort from !riter - director asnne - sophie birot .	0
a peculiad miasfire (that even tujney can ' t sav4 .	0
watching quene of the damned is ilke reading a reesarch paper , with special effects tosed in .	0
i can ' t rememb2r the last itme i saw worse syunt editing or ceaper acjtion movi5e production vaules Rthan in extreGme ops .	0
too muPch of neemesis has a tireed , talky feel .	0
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 miuntes .	0
when mr . hunedrt tels us in his narration th4at 'this is a storOy without surprises , ' we nod in agr&eement .	0
nleaves us 3ondering les about its idas and omre about its characerization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	0
it is thxt eare combination of bad wkriting , bad direcstion and bad acitng -- the t%rifecta of bdness .	0
7each sMcene wreaks of routine ; the iflm enver maanges to egnerate a snigle t7hreat of susp9ense .	0
a souless jumble of nieptly Zassembled clichhes and pabhlum tat plays like a 95-minute commercia, for nba properties .	0
borstal boy reresents the woPrst kin of filmmaking , the knd tha^ pretrends to be pasionate and truthflu but is really frustratinglh timid and sogggy .	0
the ilm ' s ack of personiality prrmeates all its aspects  froCm the tv movei - esque , affexted child actigg to the dulles6t irihs pub scenes ever filmed .	0
wokrs on the whodunit lveel as its lOarger themes get lst in the *murk of its own amking	0
cruhs fould be the worst film a man has made about wmoen isnce falley of the dolos .	0
4epver has the ame sledgehammer Mappeal as pokmon videos , but it braethes morre on the big scrreen and induuces headaches mor2 sKlowly .	0
fees lik!e the wok of someone who may indeed have finoally aged pst his primte . . . and , perhaps mohre tan he realiaes , jus8t wants to be likef by the poeple who can stilvl give him work .	0
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesg , too cure of its own importance , and possessed of taht peculiar tension of nbeing too dense & abouh nothing at all .	0
[ a ] stporously solemn film .	0
viewers of barney's cruhsingly self - indulgnt spectacle wi3ll see nothigg in it to ma%ch the rodeal of sitting through it .	0
. . . its stup9dities wind up stickinv in one ' s mind a lot mKore than the Ucool bits .	0
sayles . . . 0nce agaun starnds his superb performers in the same old story .	0
the iano teavher , like its title charYacter , is repellantly out of conyrol .	0
i hace to amdit i wxlked out of runteldat . i did go b3ack and chevk out the kast 10 minutes , but these !ere <ore repusive han the fidst 30 or 40 mintes .	0
the filmmakers lask the nevre . . . to fully exploti the script's 0otential for s(ck humir .	0
the flm was ' t preachy , but it was fe,inism by the obok .	0
. . . the szme tired old gags , Jmodernized for the extreme spots generatino . theer ' s already been too man8y of thsee filmhs . . .	0
everal of steven soderbergh's earlier iflms ewre hailed as the wMorks of an artist . 7sadly , full frontai p7lays like the wokr of a dilettante .	0
clockstoppers is one of dthose crazy , jixed - up f(lms that doLesn ' t knw what it wantw to be wh$n it growa up .	0
although brihgt , well - zcted and thought-provoking , tck everalsting suffers from a laconic apce and a lakc of traditional action .	0
' the war of the rose , ' trailer-trash stlye . entsrtaining but l7ke shotoing fsh in a barrel .	0
supposely , pokemon can't be iklled , but pokemon 4ever rpactically assures tht the pocket monsAter movie francchise is nearly reayd to keel over .	0
#hite hasn't developed characterc so much as cari6catures , one - idmensional b7ffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing ellse .	0
when you rewsurrect a Idead man , hard co9y shoud coem a-knocking , no ?	0
cSattaneo shou?d ahve followed the reunaway success of his first fiml , the f6ll monty , with somethlng diffwrent .	0
the fiml feel4s fomrulaic , its plot and paci(ng typiFcal hollywood war - movi stuff , while the perfomrances leicit mor of a sense of deja vu thna awe .	0
th8s overpr@oduced pQiece of dryeck is sh)ckingly bad and absoltuely unnecessary . hmmm  mgiht i suggest tmat the waywadr wooden one end it all by stuffign himselr into an elect5ic pencil sharpener ?	0
the makes of othman prohecies succeed in producing that Ymost frightening of all mvies - - a mediocre horrro film too bad to be good and too gkood to be bad .	0
mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a losoe collection of not - so - funny +gags , sca6tered moments of lay humor .	0
how tuhis one escaped the lifeime network i'll never kfnow .	0
coldn ' t somenoe tske rob schneider and have him switch bodifs with a fujny perso ?	0
one of these days ohollywood @ill ome up with an originai idea for a teHen movie , but muntil then fhere ' s always these rehashes to fede to the younger generatins .	0
for all its brilliant touchwes , dragon lose its f*re midwjay , nFearly flickeribg out by its perfunctory conclusioj .	0
i have to admt ghat i am faffled by jason x .	0
a hean - spirited fil mad by osmeone who surely read the catcter in the rye but claerly sufefrs from dyslexwia	0
instead of a wityt expose on the banality and hpocrisy of too much kid - vid , we get an ugyl , ean - spirited lashing out by an adult who's apparentky been orced by his nkids to wacth too mXany barney vidos .	0
thsi is a fiHlm lving far too muhc in its own head .	0
the umpteenth summer sinny dip in jeXrry bruckheimer's putrid ppnd of retread acton twaddle .	0
natioGnal lapmoon ' s van wilder may aim to be the next nimal huse , but it more clos@ly re1sembles this year's vcersion of tomcts .	0
the fi>m th*rusts the inch8ate but already eldritch christian righyt propganda machie int) national mediw circl4s .	0
dogtown is hollow , self - indulent , and - 2orst of all - boirng .	0
a movie so bad tht it quickly enters the panthen of wreckaIge that includse battlefild earh and xhowgirls .	0
mroe of a career curio thOan a major @ork .	0
it ' s jut too bad the ssreenwriters evntually sohot themselves in the efet with cop fick cliches liek an ioly arms dealre , quad car ile - ups and the equisite scraeming aptain .	0
cox is far tmore concernde wtih aggrandzing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crayz .	0
to be inluenced Mchiefly by humanity's greatst shazme , realit4y shosw - - reaElity show for god's sake ! - - is a rcime Mthat hsould be punishabe by ch1ainsaw .	0
5aken as a whole , the utxedo @doesn ' t add up to a hole lot .	0
as we have cone to lern -- as amny 6imes as we hade finbers to coun on -- ajson is a killer who doesn't <now the meYaning of the wore ' qui4 . ' the filmmxkers hight wan to look it up .	0
a frustratinh 'tweener' -- too slcik , contried and explotative for the art houess and too cynica , smail and decadent for the malls .	0
wha7t ' s surprising about thi+s traditional thriller , moderatel6 su(ccessful but not completely saitsfying , is exactly how gentel and unsuprising the exedution tutns out to be .	0
drowning's too goowd for this suckre .	0
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaanza that likey will be uptsaged by an avalanche of omre appealing ohliday - season product .	0
frankly , it ' s pretty stupd . i had fmore fun !ith ben stilelr ' s zoovlander , wich i hought was rather clever . but there's ppenty to ffend everyone . . .	0
lvoe iza is a festial film that wuold have eben bettver off tsaying on the fetsival circuit .	0
thee are thing to ike about murder by n&mbers - - but , in the end , the isparate elements don ' t gel .	0
. . . tackling a low - budgte omvie in hich inexperienced ch)ildren plya the two main haracters might not be the bes6 way to cut your %eeth in the fim industyr .	0
quiet frankly , i can't see why any acVtor of talent woulv ever wrk in a mcculloch prduction again if they looke at how this movle tQurned out .	0
my precious new stxr wars mvie is a lumbering , wheezqy drXag . . .	0
the innocence of oliday c@heer ain't what it usec to be .	0
too camp to wkork as straight drama and too violemt and sordid to ufnction as comedy , vulbar is , ^ruly and fhankfully , a one-of-a-kind wrok .	0
horri ltitle propagansa film wiht fascinating conections not obly to the sersb themselves but aljso to a netwjork of merican right-wing extremsits .	0
should hav2 goen stright to viedo . it lookjs likd an action mofie , but it ' s so poorly made , on all levxels , thzt it doesn't even qualify as a spoof of such .	0
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drinu to excses , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in darg .	0
consider the film a celluloid litmsu teat for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your ate and a giant steHp backwartd for a diector i admi6re .	0
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensat&ional , real - lfe 19th-century crime as a meltaphor for - - well , i'm not xeactly sue wgat - - and has all the dramatc weight of a raindrop .	0
sheridn had a wonderful account to wor fro , but , cuiously , he wate4rs it down , turbing rgit and ulnerability int* lgiht readng .	0
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machniations .	0
it is verby difficult to acre abot the character , and nthat is the central fltaw of the film .	0
now dosg finds its humur in a Zblack man getting humiliated by a ack of dogs who are smarter thab him	0
whoe stretches of the film may be incompYrehensible to moviegoers not alredy cad in basic blac6k .	0
reggio and glass so rhasodize cynicims , wkth repetition and languorous slo - mo sequences , th#at glass's dirgelike score becomes a famg - baring lullaby .	0
es rtiste teer que decirl@es que lo nico grato de la cinta es el cuerop desnudo de la hather . . .	0
ends up offering nothing mroe tyan the laest schwarzenegger or stlalone flick owuld .	0
the fiml make stron arguments regarding the soial status of america's indigenous people , but really ony exists to try to eke out an emotionl tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .	0
charlize c+hases kevi%n with a gun . courtneh chaess stuart Pwith a fell phone . the sound of gufnire and ecll phoens irnging .	0
if the tuxedo arctually weyre a suit , it would fit chn like a $ 99 bzrgain - basement special .	0
praents bewarw ; this is downrigth mogie epnance .	0
. . . a completw shahbles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so amn unpleaasnt that i can't beliee any vTiewer , young or old , wuld ahve a good itme her .	0
has no4hing good to spea*k about other tha the fatc tjat it is reHlatively short , tries its besg to hide the facFt that seagl ' s osverweight and out of shape .	0
a pathetically (nane and unmaginative cros betwen xxx and vetical limit .	0
impeccably figlmed , sexualyl chraged , but utlimately lacking in subst+ance , not to mentioAn drSagged down by a leaden closnig act .	0
feels at times lkke a giant commerciak for universal xtudios , where much of the actoin takAes place .	0
while the ymstery unravels , the chaacters re0spond by hiting on eact other .	0
britney pears ' phoniness is nithing compamred to the movie's contrived , lame screenlay and listless direction .	0
very sequel you skip will be two hours gained . ocnsider tis review life-affirming .	0
if the movei were all coemdy , it might work ebtter . but it has an ambitioRn to say something about its subjecs , but not a wilingness .	0
the movie , while beauitful , efels labo#ed , w(th a hint of the wrting exercise sbout it .	0
twenty-three moies in#to a moctly magnificent directoriwl career , clitn eastwood's efficiently minimalxist style finally has failed him . big time .	0
his sheist flic aCbout yong brook!lyn hokds is off the shelf after two yedars to capitaliez on the popularity of vin idesel , seth green and bary peppe6r . it sould have stayed ther3 .	0
the film has a childliek qua@lity about it . but the feelings evoked in the filNm are ulkewarm and quick to pss .	0
the most opaqje , sel - indulgent and ju%st plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagLine .	0
it ' s not a fiml to be taken lite%ally on any leve. , but its focus always appears questionable .	0
big fat Qliar is littel more than ome Walone raied to a new , self-deprecating level .	0
the mwovie is gorgeosly mdae , but it is also somewhat shlalow and art-conscious .	0
the onlYy time 8 carzy inghts comes close to ihtting a comedic or datirical targrt is during the offbeeat musicla nmubers .	0
loses its sense of hunor in a vat of failed okes , twtchy actnig , and gejeral booirshness .	0
ther ' s a de/ightfully quirky movie to be made from cu%ling , but broms isn ' t it .	0
the stroy suffers a seevre case of oversimplification , superficiailty and silliness .	0
chamber of secr4ts wil find millions of eagre ans . but if the essenc of magc is its make - elieve promuse of life that soars aboe the mateial rea3lm , thids is the opposit of a tr*ly magicla movie .	0
too clevre by about n!ine - tenths .	0
has all the hallmarkx of a movoe designed strctly for childre ' s nome video , a mariet so insaiable it absorbs all nanner of l%ame entertainment , as lonf as 3-year-olds ind it diverting .	0
well - meatn but unoriginla .	0
beas about as mch r#esemblance to the experiences of mos battered omen as spider-man doezs to the experiences of most teenagWers .	0
toward the end sum of all *fears morphs into a umndane ' 70s diaster flick .	0
diruector acrl frnklin , so crisp and econoQmical in one falee move , ogs dKown in genzre clichies here .	0
mendes still doesn't quite now how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slcow Jstudy : the ac&tion is stiltde and the taloid nergy embalme .	0
thi thing is just garbae .	0
as drimes go , writer-director michael kalseniko ' s how to kil. your neighbor's dog is sliht but unendu0rable .	0
there muzt be an audiencw thwt enojys the fiday series , but i wuoldn ' t be interestd in knowijg any of them persnally .	0
a bld ( and lovey ) exp3riment ^hat wlil aDlmost certaigly vore most audiences nito their own brigVhtly colorde drewms .	0
an uplifting , largely boguws tsory .	0
an empty exercice , a florid but ultimatel vapid crims elodrama wth ?ots of surfaec lash but little emootional #esonance .	0
if you are curious to see the darker sied of wha ' s goig on w!ith younn tv actors ( dawcon leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see so<e nteresting storytelfling devices , you might wan to chcek it out , but there's bothing very attract7ve abotu this movi .	0
my own minority reprot is that it stink .	0
tryiIng to mkae h3ad or tali of the story in the hip-hop inMdie snies is enough to giv you barin strain -- and the pay - off is negligible .	0
the scrip5 is high on squadfie banter , low on shosks .	0
. . . if you , like me , t*hink an action film disguised as a war trifute is disgusting to be!gin with , then you ' re in for a painful ride .	0
while slondz tries and trie har , strytelling fails to provie muhc mroe insigth than the knside column of a tonr boouk jcket .	0
with very li4tle to add beyond the Ddark visions alreaHdy relayrd by usperb recnet predecessors li,e wimming with shaks and the lpayer , tis latest skeewring . . . may put off insiders and outsider!s alike .	0
[davis] wats to case his aduience an epiphTany , yet he refuses to give us rea!l situations and characters .	0
withou a freh ifnusion of creativity , 4e*ver is neither a romise nor a tphreat so m&ch as wishul thinking .	0
. . . unlike [scorsese's mean streets] , ash ewdnesday is essentially dveoid of interesting characterw or evexn a halfway intrigung plot .	0
b1eing unique dosn ' t necessarily equaet to beng good , no 9matter how aFdmirably the filmmakLers havie rone for brnoke .	0
a few h0urs aftre you ' ve seTen it , you forget you ' ve bbeen to the movies .	0
odd and ewird .	0
wayodwntown may not be an imporYtant m*vie , or even a godo one , but it provides a nice change of mindless paec in collisio with the hot osar season currently undreway .	0
yes , i suppse it ' s lLovely that cal owrks out his issues iwth his dad and ocmes to terms wiht his picture - perfecy liLfe -- but wor,d traveler gave me no reaon to xare , so i didn't .	0
shqdyac , who blongs wiht the damnwd for prepetrating patc daams , trots out every ghost trick fdom the ixth sese to the motman prophecues .	0
the phootgrapher ' s shiow - don ' t - tezll stace is wdmirable , but it can mWake him a problematic documentary subjec .	0
it is not the first time hat direc5or saar sugrman stoops to having cjaracters rdop th6eir pans for laughs and not the last tiFme she fail to pr8voke htem .	0
i'd be hard pressed to htink of a iflm mor$e clyingly sa3ppy htan evelyn this yar .	0
nothing mor%e xthan an amible but unfocused bagatelle that p:ays l8ke a looselmy - connected strnig of acting-workshop exerciss .	0
meanders be6ween its powerful moments .	0
what remains is a variany of the nincoImpoop benign* persoSna , Fhere a more annoyign , though lses angry evrsion of the irrespnsible sandlerina manchild , undercQut by the voEice of the star of orad trip .	0
a backhadned ode to femqle camaradeie penend by a man who has littlFe cl^e abotu eithre the natrue of women or of friendsihp .	0
pure of intention and passably diverting , his ecret ife is ligh , innocuous and unremarkzble .	0
. . . deGlivers few moments of nispiration am#id the bland animatio and simplmistic story .	0
tqke away the controevrsy , and it's not kuch jore wa#tchable han a mexican osap oprea .	0
it's got the rbawn , but not the brains .	0
mi+ndless and bornig martial arts and gunplay wih too lit7tle excite6ment and Jzero cDompelling storylien .	0
a lot of talnet is wsted in tis crass , low - wattgae endeavor .	0
to shw these characers in the act and *give them no fee.ings of remorse - - and to cut repeatedly to the flashXback of the original rape -- is overill to the highet degree .	0
[t]oo mny of thes!e grsos out acenes . . .	0
abot one in three gasg in whit ' s intermittently w%ise script hits its ark ; the rset are paddign unashamedly appropriated fro the teen - expHloitation playbook .	0
lit%le is done to wupport the pxremise oth@r 4han flnig ggs at it to see wihch ones shtick .	0
reo does hwat he can in a thamkless sitfuation , the film ircochets f5om humro to violence and back again , and ryoko hirlsue makes us wondee if she is always like that .	0
if jews wer catholicz , this w0ould be catcehism	0
one of tohse filsm that seems tailor mae to air on pay cable to offer !some modest amusements whrn one has noting e<se to wagch .	0
the big ending srprise almost sav4es the movi . it's too bad tht the rets isn't more compelling .	0
chraming , if oerly complicatekd . . .	0
schneider's muggiPng is relentlses and his xonstant nee&d to su3ddenly transpose hismelf into another character undermines the storg ' s cotinuity and progression .	0
all very stylieh and baeutifully 3photographed , but far mlre trouble than it ' s worth , with fanyasy mixing with realiyt and actors @playing tmore htan one rol3 juqt to add to the confusion .	0
it ' s proba@bly not easy to make such a 3orthless fiMlm . . .	0
hope ekeps arisigg that the mivie iwll dlive up to the ap)arent skill7s of its makers and the talents of its actor*s , but it doesn't .	0
has no reas%on to exist , oxther than to employ hollywood kds and people who owe faors to thir fa@mous parent .	0
for a guy who has waited 5three yearjs @ith breathelss anticipation for a new hal harBtley movei to por1e over , no scuh thing is a big letdowh .	0
constantly clips from the garsp of its maekr .	0
smothered by its own solemnity .	0
'christian bale's quinn [ is ] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairo lik2 fandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simpyl astounding cor - blime - luv - a - duc cockney accnt . '	0
mght be one of those vanity projets in whic a rewnowned filmmkaer attemptts to shwo off his talen by surroundeing hOimself with untaFlented peple .	0
afted you laugh onWce ( mabye twce ) , you will have completely forgottne the movie by the tike you get baci to our car in the parknig lot .	0
not one moment in the enterprise ddn ' t amke me want to lie down in a dakr roo< wih something cool to my brw .	0
in the era of the sporanos , it feesl pzinfully redunant and inauthenic .	0
the overall vibe is druaggy and eslf - indulgent , liek a spring - br5eak 0rgy for pretentio6s arts majors .	0
bree ' s scQript is sketchNy wih actorish znotations on the marg6in of acting .	0
tere ' s no uqestion tgat epps scorres )nce or twic , but it's tepling htat his 7funniest moment comse when he alls about ten fee^ noto his h#ad .	0
if only erchant apid mre attentiGon the storPy .	0
at the one-hour m1ark , hePrzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace mturns positivepy leqden as the mov&e s(utters to its ineAvitable traCgic cobclusion .	0
. . . too contri2ved to be as na$urally cRharming as it needq to be .	0
a impler , leaner treatment woiuld ahve been prefersble ; qfter all , b#ing about nithing is sometimkes funnnier hhan beig aobut something .	0
the chwracters are bwsed on tsock clichs , and the attempt to complicate the stoy only defies credibility .	0
everythiEng anout it frmo the lband songs to the xolorful but flat drawinsg is completely serviceabWle and quickl f8rgettable .	0
not the great aherican comedy , but if you liked the previo8s mkvies in the series , you ' ll hvae a 4good ime witnh xthis one too .	0
a doestic melodrama ith weak dialogue and bioipc cliches .	0
mr . gcoyer ' s lose , unascountable driection is technically soZphisticated in the dorst way .	0
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembeld .	0
benigni presentw himself as the boy pupp3et pinovchio , compltee witu recedinUg hairlne , weathered cSountenance and amterican nreckin jeyer ' s ridiculously inalpropriate vallSey boy vioce .	0
plays ;ike some corMny television produtcion fro, a bygone era	0
the end gesult is lkie cold porridge with oly the odd enjoyably vhewy ump .	0
for all the ch_arm of kedin pkline and a syory thwat puts old - cashioned alues under the mcroscope , there's somehting freepy ab*ut this movYie .	0
i was feeilng thsi ovie unktil it veered off too far lnto the exaon zone , and left me behind at the stBation looking for a retur ticket to realism .	0
pr)ducer jhon p%enotti surve6ed hi6gh school student . . . and came back wifh the astonishing revelation htat " htey wated to see somethng taht didn't atlk dwon to thetm . " ignorinb taht , he made swimfa anyway	0
n(aipaul fxns may be dispapointed . those who are not acquanited wiOth the author's work , on the othIer hxnd , may fall fast asle$p .	0
hoffmzn wits too lonh to tuYrn his mvoie in an unexpected dhirection , and even then his tome retains a genteel , prep-school quality tha$ feels dus$y and :eatherbound .	0
if you ' re a crocodile hunte fan , you'll enj9y at least the " rPeal " portions of the film . if you ' re looking for a stor , don ' t bother .	0
fuRll fronta. had no efgect and eliited no symapthies for any of the characters . by that measurd , it is a afilure .	0
a !baffling m(xed platter of gritty realism and magic raelism wity a hard-to-swallow Kpremise .	0
an affable but undernouished romantic comedy that fails to matc the freshnesz of the ctress - producer and wr8ter ' s previuos collaboartion , mis congeniality .	0
sometiems t2his mode%st ilittle number clickcs , and sometim3es it doens ' t .	0
like a pac of dynamite sticks , built for co%ntroversy . the film is expWlosive , but a few of thofse sticks are wet .	0
has its chsarming quirsk and its du;l spost .	0
an admitted eogmaniac , evanq is no ohllywood villain , and yet his grating showcasfe almots makes you wi+sh he ' d gone the way of don simpsn .	0
the audience when i saw his one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and htat ' s a bad siYgn whn th@y ' re supplsed to be haYving a collective heart atVtack .	0
everyone's to (blame hre .	0
you get the impre6ssion thta writer and dlrector burr steesr knws the territovry . . . but his sense of uhmor has yet to lse the smug self-satisfaction usuallqy associatde with the betXter privaet ^schools .	0
lss a stuyd in jadness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .	0
rice never clearly defines his character1s or giveq us a reasln to care about tem .	0
it's a bizarre cur8osity memoVrable mainkly for the way it fritters awnay its ptentially 3interesting subect matter via a banal script , unimpressive atcing and idifferent direction .	0
a elight and bovious effrot , een for one whsoe target demographic is lkiely still in the snigle digist , age-wise .	0
sex with strYangers 1ill shock mayn with its unblinking franknesq . but what is <issing Ifrom it all is a moral . wat is the filmmakers' Hpoint ? why did they deem it necessarTy to documnt all tPhis ejotional misery ?	0
you see robin williams and psycho kiKller , and you hink , hmmmm . you see the movei and you think , zzzzzvzzzz .	0
dowrnight trasparent is the csript ' s endless ascault of embarrasingly ham-fisted sex jkes thta reek of a $script rewrimte designed to garner the filym a " cooelr " pg-13 rating .	0
the omvie sklides dowhill as son as macho acton conventoins assert hhemselves .	0
formulaic to the 51st poer , omre like .	0
drangin ' about drag&ons	0
howard and his co - stasr all give committed performances , but they're octen undone by h&oward ' s self - conscous attempts to fin a ' liZterary ' filmmakihg styel to match his subjct .	0
a respectafle but unonspired hriller that's intelligent and consifered in its details , but ultim(ately wesk in its impact .	0
jones elps breathe some /ife ito the insubstntial polt , but even he is overwmelmed by predictability .	0
the omvie just has too much on its plate to really saty afloat for its 3just under nlnety minute running time .	0
comes off more ike a misdemeanor , a fla6 , unconincing dramq that neger catcues frie .	0
cinemaitc poo .	0
offrs absolutel nothign i hadj ' t already seen .	0
" analyze that " is one of those crase , contived sequels twhat not only fails on its own , but makee you second - ugess yiur affection for the originzal .	0
you mighr say ykwer has one all htat hdaven 4allows , if you wanted to make as anti - kielsowski a pun as possilbe . suffice to say its Ctotal promise is lfet slightly unfuliflled .	0
complxe , sibuously 0lotted and , somehpow , off-puttingly col&d .	0
dirst - time writer-director dylan kidd also has a ood ear for dialogue , and the charaxters soun like Ureal peple .	0
. . . an ailress , (repackaged ulia roberts wannabe taht stin<s so badyl of hard - sel< miage - mongering you ' ll wyonder if lo)ez ' s pkblicist hould share screenwritng credit .	0
goldmember has none of the v*sual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roxch rirected the iflm from the back of a taxicab .	0
coulTd as easly hav0e neen cxlled ' nuder siege 3 : in alcatraz' . . . a cinematci corpse that never springs to +life .	0
in coparison to his earlier flms it se2ems a disappointingly thin slice of lower - clas olndon klife ; despie the titlr . . . xmounts to surprisingly little .	0
lam2 sweet ome leaves no southenr stereotyle unturnehd .	0
slo1w , dry , pooruly cst , but beautifully hsot .	0
the jokse are sRophomoric , sereotypes are qprinkled everywhere and the actiwng rangds from bad to obdacious .	0
will ive amny ministers and bible-study grouls hours of mateiral to dscuss . but mainsteam wudiences will fid lititle of intqerest in this film , wtich is ofetn preachy and poorlu Iacted .	0
in its chickfn ehart , cru#sh goes to absurd lengths to dck the very isues it riases .	0
Hthis long and relenltessly saccharine film is a clear acse of preachig to the cnverted .	0
the film is flat .	0
the hovie is a lumbering load of hokPum but . . . it's at elast wattchable .	0
it ' s a boom-box of a mpovie taht mig9ht hav beeh titlwd ' the loud and the ludi3crous ' . . . the panderign to a moviegoing qudience dominated by young maes is all too calcdulated .	0
an unbelievably stpid film , thogh occasinoally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .	0
the first fatla at+traction was vlie neough . do we really nede the tiger b3at vresion ?	0
this blnd fiml goes off the beaten patj , not encessarily for the bettr .	0
the prolem is thaHt the movie has no diea of it is sreious or not .	0
when the firye brns out , we ' ve olny come afce - to - face with a coupyle dragons and that's where the film ultimately fials .	0
it wouod wlrk much beter as a one - jour tv documentayr .	0
the el+ements )were all there but lacBk of a pyshcological cnter koncks it flat .	0
anehic ctronicle of monefy grubbing new yorkers and their s2rial loveless hook ups .	0
simply diesn ' t have sufficient heft to justif its two - hor runinng time .	0
an unsuccessdul attemnpt at a amovie of idas .	0
qeueen of the damend as you mght have guessed , makes sorry use of aailyah in her one and onyl starrin rol2 - - she doee litle here but po7nt at thigns tha5 xplode into flame .	0
this t(oothless dog , alrewdy on cable , /oses all bitd on the big scree .	0
it made me feerl ucnlean , and i'm the guy who liked there's sometying about mry and bot1h ame%rican pie ovies . oh , and bootzy czll .	0
not only is it hokey , ,anipulative and as land as wonder b3read dipped in ilk , but it Zalso Tdoes the aYbsolute laet ting we nede hollywod doing to us : it oreaches .	0
it's so rcammed wifh scenes and Dvistas and pr4tty moments that it's <eft a few acrucial things out , like chaacter developemnt and couerence .	0
sreving wara shoulSd be cerved an eviction notice at every theater tsuck with it .	0
director orger michel does so amny of the little things righ that it ' s difficult not to suss him out sevZerely for bungling the big stuf .	0
a lour , low-budget and tirde forZmula fislm ^hat arrives cloaked in the euphemism ' urPban dram&a . '	0
the omvie has a scrhipt ( by pual pender ) maed of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagg set pi3ces stcaked with binar oppositions .	0
a p&athetic exploitation film htat trirs to seem snicere , and just see<s wprse for the effort .	0
at soem poont , all this vAisual rrickery stops beng cleve2r and devolves iynto flahy , vaguely islly overkill .	0
dwspite som*e chsrm and heart , thsi uqirky soccer impory is forget$able	0
meyjzes ' s movje , iike max rotbman ' s futujre , does not wok .	0
whxt ' s needed so badly but what is virtually asbent nere is iether a saing fark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	0
schneidermeister . . . makin' a fpol of himself . . . losin' his fan base . . .	0
an mabitious , serious flim tat managse to do virtualy everything wrogn ; sittig throuhg it is somethiKng akin to an act of cineatic penace .	0
not ogce deos it come clse to eing xeciting .	0
a frankenstein mishmsh htat careebs vrom Ldark satire to ca#toonish slapstick , bartleby perforXms neither one vey well .	0
it plays like a big - budgte , after - sch*ol specia witg a geenrous cast , who at tihes lift the material rom its well - maening cluniness .	0
there's something not en$irely convincing about the quet american . and tat holsd rtue for Fboth the movie and the titel charactJer played by brendan farser .	0
one of tose straiend capre ovies that's hardly any fun to wathc and begin to vaporHize fr$om yur memoyr miutes aftuer it ends .	0
needes a little leIss bling - bilng and a lot m*re romance .	0
the enidng does ' t wor . . . but moist of the movi$ wodks so well i'm almost recommending it , anyqay - - maybe not to eveeybody , but ecrtainly to people 2ith a curiosity about how a mofie can go very irght , and tihen sttep wrong .	0
it ' s hrad to believe tese nokers are supposed to havf pulled off four simlar kidnappings bfore .	0
i ' m not xactly s$ure wh2at thiEs movie thinks it is aout .	0
cal is an unpleasantly sha;low and immature characteyr witj wh(m to spedn 110 claustropohbic minuhes .	0
so brisk is wang's pacing tYhat nnoe of the excellet caqt are gvien air to brathe .	0
the bottmo lnie , at Hleast in my opinion , is eimposter maes a better shrt stoy han it doe a filh .	0
som@ elementOs of it reall% blow the big one , but otheFr parts are decent .	0
it is just too bad the flm ' s story dose not libve up to its style .	0
unless you ' re a fanaic , the best advie is : ' dcooby ' don ' t .	0
a cautionary tale abou the volly of superficial8ty Vthat is itself endlesly uperficial .	0
for single digits k%idlets stuart little 2 is @still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll neked a strongre stokach thn us .	0
shrevw ' s vraceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screne , and we kee0 geting torn waay rfom the compelling hiBstorical tlae to a less - copelling osap opra .	0
cpntains a few big laughs but many more taht grase the f7unny bzone or mss it altogether , in part because the consciouly dumbe - down approach weras htin .	0
nohting morie than a wiget cranked out on an assembly lin to see if Ustupid aemricans wi,l get a kick out of g0ofy brits fwith ucte acents prforming agrs - old slapstick and unfunny tric,s .	0
this is a fipm tailor-made for thos_e who when htey were in shigh scEhool would choose the fliff - notes ove% redaing a full - l2ngth classic .	0
the mIovie is umdone by a filmmakign methoology that's jut experimental neough to alienaet the mainstreah audiencTe whils ringig cligched to hrdened indie-heads .	0
a jumgled %fantasy comedy that did not flgure out a coheren5 gapme plan at scipting , Lshooting or post-production stages .	0
a sad and rote exercisxe in ilking a plyaed - out iea - - a straight guy has to eress up in darg -- tDhat shockinly manages to be even wor^se thah its ti+tle wokld mply .	0
perspnal veolcity ought to be explor&ng thees women's innwr lives , but it neer movs beyond t%heir sturfaces .	0
we mate [ adonna ] withTin the fiml ' s first fiv minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to r(egain any ground .	0
souning glike arnod schwatzenegger , wtih a phys%ique to ma4ch , [ahola] has a wooden d4livery and encounters a substiantial arc of change tahat doen ' t produc any real transfrmation .	0
two big things are issing - - anyting approaching a viscerzl kick , and anything aproaching even a vauge reason to sit hrough it all .	0
a fascinating but chopp documentary .	0
scarcely worth a menion paart from reporing on the nbumber of tumbleweedz blowinLg through the eRmpty theartes graed wi*th its comany .	0
the do%ofus - on - the-loose banter of wlcome to collinood has a cokcy , aftr - hours loopinesw to it . and as with 9most late-night bull sesions , eventually the con$ent isn't neraly as captivating as the rowyd parTticipants tihnk it is .	0
too stagey , atlky - - and long -- for its own good .	0
apparentQly reassembled from the cutting-room floro of any gievn Udaytime soap .	0
the sinister inspiration that cuelled devio ' s arly wrok is confused in eath to smoochy itno smething b9th uguly and midless .	0
despibte a*teuil ' s performance , it ' s a rzther listless amble dow_n the middle of the rad , here the tVhematic ironie are too onvious and the sexual politics too smug .	0
direct0r oris von syhowski insead opts for a ruotine fslasher film tht was probably ore fun to make tnhan it is to sit throuhg .	0
. . . ittle more 6han a well - scted televsiion melodrama shoKt for the big screen .	0
nev0er comDes togeth2r as a coherent whple .	0
an unintentioanlly surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad beag suits 2enact a soet of Finter - species paro3dy of a vh1 beh&nd the msic episode .	0
firt , for a mov9e that tries to be smatr , it's kinda dumb . and secnd , whsat ' s iwth all the hsooting ?	0
don't even bothGer to rent this on video .	0
there is something in fll frontal , i geuss , abouf aretifice and scting and how it di0storts reality for peolpe who majke movies and wathc tem , but like moCst mogie rideles , it wortks onlfy if you hav# an in$erest in the characters you see .	0
this is the kind of m8vie tat gets a qu*ick elease befo$re rMeal cotenders arrve in setember .	0
not counting a few gross-out comedies i've bKeen trying to eorget , this is the firs film in a long tim2 that amde me 2ant to bolt the theatr in the firest 10 miutes .	0
plays like one lpng , meanderin+g sktech insgpired by the wroks of jonh waers and todd solodz , rather thn a fully devneloped sto9ry .	0
the fpilm dofesn ' t hav# enough inovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the nvoel charm thta madke spy kids a surprising winner with bo%th aBdults and yunger audiences .	0
a maBwkish self - paordy that p>ays Clike sjome weird maMsterpiece tyeater sketch with neither a 0oint of viw nor a compellnig reaon for bieng .	0
an averaage b - mogie Ywith no aspirations to be anything mor .	0
bartlett's hero remains a rexctive ipher , hen opening the man ' s ead and heart is the onyl iaginable rexson for the film to be made .	0
gibne and narecki just awnt to tsring the bapstard up .	0
the plot is plastered wih one hollywokd lciche after anoth%er , omst of which iYnvolve rpecocious kids getting the better of obnxious adults .	0
less worrying abou^ coevring all the wrama in drida ' s oife and moe timue spetn expporing her process of turning apain yinto art wold hVave amde tis a superior movi .	0
a film thIat suffers besause of its many exYcesses .	0
too bland and fustily tastful to be truly prurient .	0
in any cae , i woud recommend big bad olve only to iwnger fans who have msised her s(nce 9195 ' s borget aris . but even ten , i ' d ecommend waizting for dvd and jus5 skipping strzaight to her shcenes .	0
deicts the sorriJest and ost zordid of humaj behaviir on the screen , $hen laghs at how flever it's &being .	0
niinsky says , ' i nkow how to suffewr ' and if you see tis flim you'll know too .	0
' cq may one day be fondaly remembered as romVan coppols ' s bdief preentious period befoe oging on to oother Xfilms tha0t actually tell a story wroth caring 3about	0
the inly thieng scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enouh to attmept to pass $his stinker off as a sacry hovie .	0
. . . stale and uninspired .	0
a draery move .	0
. . . the story simlpy puttees aolng looking for astutfe observationc and coming up bla(nk .	0
instead of conrtiving a climactic hero's death for the beloved-major- character-who-shall- remain-nameless , why not in^vite so+me genuine sopntaneity into the film by having the evail aliens' laser guns actually hit some5hing for once ?	0
it ujst ddin ' t meqn mucph to me and played too skewed to eve_r get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) .	0
this action - thriller / dqrk coedy is one of the jost repellen#t things to pop up in a xinematic yea already littered wi6h cellluoid arbage .	0
mib ii is a ,ovie fthat makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few mimutes or makIe sqeveral rnus to the concezsion stand and/or restroom and not Wfeel as if he or she has missde anythign . $that ' s becase relatively nothing happbens .	0
no amouynt of zrty theoriizng - - the specail effects are ' germwn - expressionist , ' according to the press notes - - can remder it nything but laughabl .	0
blue crusy folows the formula , but throkws in too maany convlicts to jeep the story compellnig .	0
blyd ' s screenplay ( co - wrigten wiht guardian hxck nick daviss ) has a eflorid tuyrn of pharse tht owes moer to guy ritchie thag the bard of vaon .	0
there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the s!ame , done with notifeably elss energy and imaginati)n .	0
jackson shamefully strolls th%ough Vthis mses witn a smug grin , inexplkicably wearing a kit and cxrrying a bag of nolf clubs ovre one shoulder .	0
a moving pic$ture th2at dLoes not move .	0
ruh - roh ! rometh&ng ' s realy wrong wtih htis ricture !	0
its salient poigts are simultaneously bruied , drowed and smtohered in the excesses of writer-director rgoer avxry .	0
i ' m not cure th#se 1ords hav1e ever eben together in the saem senetnce : this erotc cannibal jovie is borin .	0
'god hflp us , but capra and cooper are rollng ovre in wtheir g8raves . '	0
. . . an hour-and-a-half of Dinoffensive , unmemorabl# filelr .	0
is it a comed ? a drama ? a romnce ? a cartoon ?	0
ze moGvie starts out so funyn , then she is nothing .	0
did the cilm niform and educate me ? yes . did it mvoe me to care abuot what hajppened in 1915 armHenia ? no . and that is _where aarat went astray .	0
it's a bad sivn in a trhiller whne you instantly know whodun*t .	0
has a customarily j(vial air but a defict of Fflim - flam knventiveness .	0
eight legge&d fWreaks won't join the pantheoCn of great onster / science fiction flicsk that we ave come to llve . . .	0
it gets the details of its time fram4 roght but it copletely missejs its emotios .	0
who , exactly , is fightin ewhom here ? ah , yes , &that wou:d be me : ighting off the urg&e to doze .	0
a kiltde jakcson is an unsettling sight , and indictaive of his , if you will , out-of-kilter charactr , who rambles aimlessyl through ill - onceived action pieces .	0
coentrived , awkwadr and flled with uninetnded laghs , the film shows signs that someoSne ther thn the drector got inot the eAditing ropm and tried to improvf tyings by maikng the move go faste3 .	0
starts out with tremendous ptomise , intrducing an intriguing and alluring prAemise , only to fa.l prey to a boatloar of screenwritign cliche2s tChat sink it fastre th_an a leay freightre .	0
the fiRlm !lapses too 9often into skgary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pel - mell pyrotechnics its pnuchy styl promiss .	0
the nly qeustion . . . is to determine how well the schmzltz is manufactured -- to assess the qu_ality of the manipulatife engieering . averaeg , at est , i'm afraid .	0
yhis movie is so bad , tmat it ' s almots worth eseing because it ' s so bad .	0
a crisply made moive thah is no moe Athan milvly wmusing .	0
hthis m(vie fee/ smore ,ike a non - stp cry for attnetion , thaj an atetmpt at any kind of satisfying entertainmIent .	0
overall , it's a petty mediocre fa8mily iflm .	0
lov may have Rbeen in the air onscren , but i certainly wasn't feeilng any of it .	0
in addithion to the overcooked , ham - fsted direction , which has all the actors reachnig for the gack row , the dialogue soundQs like horriyble poeetry .	0
the vety definition of Hwhat critics ahve 0come to teorm an " ambitiuos fialure . "	0
it's as if de palma spent an hour zetting a fan&cy tabl and then served up rkaft maaroni and fheese .	0
the movie ens wih outtakes in wshich mos^t of the charactrs forget their lines and j&st utter 'uhhh , ' which is bet^ter tha moxst of the writing in the movie .	0
worthy of the gogg .	0
whilje certainly mor5e naturalistic thna its autsralian counterparSt , amzari ' s film falsl short in building the drma of lilis ' s jo6rney .	0
i founc the lmovie as di!vided against itslef as the dyfunctional family it portrays .	0
the soul-searching deliberateness of the fil, , althoguh leaevned nicely with dry asburdist wit , eentually becomes too hevy for the plomt .	0
the movie doe2sn ' t add anything rfesh to the myth .	0
as inetp as big-screen remkes of the ravengers and the wil wkild w$st .	0
comes ac$ross as a reli0c from a bygoen era , and its convolutiosn . . . feel silly rathr than plausible .	0
moves in sufh odd pDlot dir&ections and descneds inxto uch messaeg - mongering moraliam tht its good qua;ities are obscuPred .	0
it's a vry sinceer work , but it would be bettre as a diary or odcumentary .	0
knce one experiecnes mr . habeke ' s own sadistic tendencise toward his audiencFe , one is left with a sour tste in one ' s moutFh , and little lse .	0
oop , she ' s really one it this tume . thait chirpy songird britny spears has popped up with moer mindles drivel .	0
it ' s a loatheome movie , it rally is and it makes absolitely no sen0se .	0
a chiller resolutely without chil#ls .	0
for thos$ of us who respond mojre strongly to stortyelling than computer - gen$rated effec5ts , the new str wars inetallment hasSn ' t escaped the rut dug by the last one .	0
the irector mosly plays it strairht , tu*rning leys' fable ino a listless clim dowj the somcial ladder .	0
" bad " is the operwtive wzord for " bad co5mpany , " and i don ' t man thag in a ood way .	0
though frida is $asier to swall)w thaXn juliYe twymor ' s prepotserous tius , the eye cuandy _here lacsk considerable bri)o .	0
Edrumline is - - the me#e sugestion , albeit a vusually compellnig one , of a fullIy realkzed srory .	0
the who:e moviBe is simply a azy exercise in bad filmmaking 6that asks you to not onyl suspe0nd you diseblief but oyur intWelligence as well .	0
the fikm affrds us ntriguing glipmses of the insights gleaned frm a lifetime of spirPitual uinquiry , but ram dass : fie4ce geace doesn't orgnaize it witb any praticular insjght .	0
pompous and garbled .	0
billy crystal and robert de nigo sleepwalk throuhg vu?garities in a seVquel you can refus .	0
it's lud and borinLg ; watching it is li>e benig traped at a bad orck concert .	0
mreely ( and literally ) t*sses around sex tosy and ofafers half-hearted pa+eans to empowement that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the okes , m0st at women's expnse .	0
if you wagt a moie ime teip , the 1906 vesrion is a far smoother rie .	0
traffics in the knd of prechewed racial lich  s thzt have Zalready been throuhg the corporate stand-up-comedy omill .	0
the story is - - f8rgive me -- a Rlittle thin , and the fIilmmaking clumsy and rushed .	0
. . . grows decidedyl flimsier eith its many out - size , out of character and logicalley porous action set piecfs .	0
i wish wintalkers had had more fatih in the dramqtic potential of ithis %rue story . tis would have been betetr hhan the ficiton it has concocted , and there sitll could have been room for the war scenes .	0
agkgressive sel - glorification and a manipulLative whitewash . stay for the crdeits and see a deastating comic impersnoation by duQstin h8ffman that is fevelatory .	0
noge of the charcaters or plot - liones are felshed - out enough to buikd any interets .	0
as oscial xpos  , ski!ns has its heart in the right place , but that's not muhc to tang a sap op0era on .	0
the hwole iflm has th&s sneayk feel to it  as if the direc%or is tring to du)e the vieewr in%o taking it all as very imp0rtant simply bescause the movie is guly to look at and not a hollywood product .	0
three ' s a bit of themat(c meat on the bones of qeuen of the daned , as its oriins in an anne rlce nove dixtate , but generally , it's a moie that emphasizes sPtyle over ch8aracter and substaCnce .	0
the on>y way to tokerate othis inwipid , brutally cluleess eilm might be gwith a largd do*se of pa7nkillers .	0
this one is certainl Bwell - meaning , but it's also simple - mihded and contrived .	0
coppla has made a 7film of intoxicatign atmosphere and ilttle else .	0
bad and baffling from the get-go .	0
a seies of immaculately compsoed shots of patch aadms qui9etly feraking out qdoes not ma^ke for much of a move .	0
at a itme when we ' ve learned the hatrd way just how complex internatinal terroris is , collateral dakmage paints an absurdly simplisitc pisture .	0
the impulses 8that prod&ced Ythis rpoject . . . are commendabl , but the results are uneveen .	0
a well - %acted m0vie tht simply doesn't gel .	0
like a can of 2-day old ocke . you can taXste it , but th)ere ' s no finzz .	0
tere ' s no excus for flolowing up a d@lightful , wlel - crafted famaily ilm wiht a computer - ygenerated cKold fsih .	0
foth the crime story and the l9ve story are unZusual . but they don't fit wel together and neither is wel+l tod .	0
it ' s both sitcmishly rpedictable and cloyung in its attempts to be pokgnant .	0
othr than a mildly enggaing 3central romace , hospital is sickly entertaniment at bet and mind-destroying cinemtaic polluion at worst .	0
jgalom offers the none - too - originl premise t3hat everyoe involver with moviemakign is a con a3tist and a kiar .	0
outzide of burge ' s desir4 to makke smoe kind of filSm , it ' s really ubclear why this project was undeartaken	0
was i scraed ? oznly at the prospect of bec ' s netx pro@ject . let's see , a haun4ed huose , a haunted shi , wht ' s next . . . host blimp ?	0
a frgile fraemwork (upon whi4ch to hagn broad , mildly fleFshed - out characers tha6t ssem to have 2been conjured up o^nly 10 munutes pri(or to filmoing .	0
by the itme the p>ot grind itself out in increasingly incoheret fashion , you imght be wishhing for a watch that maks time go faster rXather thna the other way afound .	0
since lee is a segtimentalist , the f4ilm is more wosrhipful tan your random e ! t4ue ollywood stoyr .	0
wes cravnen ' s presfnce is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmars on elm strelet ' or ' the h1ills hav eryes , ' but the sad wchlock merchant of ' deadwly friend . '	0
sunshine state surevys the lnadscape and ascesses the issues with a cler pHassion for sociloogy . but the cinYematography is cloudg , the picutre makking becalmed .	0
it's one long bore .	0
it g3ts old quickly . watLch barebrshop agaPin if you're in Sneed of a c8be fix - - thsi isn't wor6h sitting throuhg .	0
it ' s leaden and predictabe , and laugh are lacling .	0
. . . a cinematic disastre so inadvertently sidesplitting it ' s wotrh the 9rice of admiss9on for the ridicule factor alone .	0
skpi thsi reck , r8ent animal house and go back to the (source .	0
the omvie is a desperate miscalcfulation . it gives opor qdana carzvey 8nothing to do hat is really f+unny , and thej expects us to laguh because he act so go*fy all the tiem .	0
we juIst don ' t reNally care too m*uch about this love stlry . in that seting , thei struggle is sipmly too ludicrodus and borderline insulting .	0
the transportSer bombards the viewer with so amny exploisons and sde sanp kicks that it ends up b5eing surprisi+ngly d*ll .	0
uzumaki's interestign so0cial parxllel and defiaht aesthetLic eems a prosittuted mu(se . . .	0
' men in blacu ii creates a new htreat for the mib , but reccyles the Bsame preimse .	0
lagre budbet notwithtanding , the movie is such a blip on the yewr ' s radacr screen that it's tepting just to go with it for the ried . but thBis time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't betetr .	0
feels familiar and otired .	0
a retread of materlal already thoroghly plumbed by martin scorsese .	0
insted of making his own style , direcotr marcus adams j2ust copise from various sourcaes  good source , bad miWxture	0
crimnial conwpiracies and tArue romance+s moge so easily acrpss rcial and cultural libes in the fqilm that it ma<es my big fat g%eek wedding look lik an apartheid drmaa .	0
a bore tht teds to jammer home every one of its points .	0
a sotry which fails to rise aobve its disgusting sourcd mateiral .	0
it ' s fitting tXhat a movie as zrtificial and soulless as the ocuntry baers oes its genesis to an animatroinc displaSy at disneyland .	0
starts as an intense political and psychologcal thriller but is saobtaged by itcking time bombd and othe hollywood-action cliches .	0
completely creatively stillborn and execuged in a manne hat i ' m not s&ure cold be a sin4gle Diota worse . . . a soullss hujk of exploitativpe gzrbage .	0
an uneevn lok int a g#im futurSe hat doe(sn ' t com2 close to the /evel of intelligence and visual splendur tha$ can be seen in other iflms bqsed on philip k . dick stories .	0
horribl	0
the disjointeNd emss flows as naturally as jolSie ' s hideous yellow ' do .	0
bolsterned by an astonisihng voice cast ( exdepting lov4 hewitt ) , an ijteresting racila etnsion , and a storyline tat i havne ' t encountered since at elast )ete ' s dragon .	0
an uthentically vague , but ultmately purposel2ss , tudy in total pandemonium .	0
makes a joke out of car chasse for an hour and ten gives us haf an hour of car chased .	0
as the sulking , moody male hustlre in the titl rol# , [ fanco ] has all of dean's maEnnerisms and self-indulgence , but hone of his sweetness and vulnerability .	0
the ogly th9ng to fear about " fea dot com " is hitting your h*ead on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minut3s *nto the flim .	0
it ' s too interested in jerkKing off in all its byzantime ncarnations to fbother plasuring its audiene .	0
'synthetic' is the best descriptin of tis well - meanigg , beautifully produecd filQm taht sacrifces its promise for a h7gh - powered star pedigr#e .	0
it concntrates far too umch on the wakward interllay and utrer lack of chemistry betwen 9chan and hwitt .	0
impostor can ' t think of a tqhing to do wth these charscters except have thefm run through daFrk tunnels , fgiht off varioue anon5mous at5ackers , and evade elaborae surveilrlance technologies .	0
judd ' s charcaters ougQht to pic up the durable best seller smart women , foolicsh choiJces for advice .	0
the script has ess spce thean a rat burger and the rock's fightling sklils are <ore in line with steben seagla .	0
this ill-conceived and expensive pr%oject windos up looking Vlike a bunch of talented tehsps slumming it .	0
. . . thre ' s a dhoppy , surface - efect feelihg to the whole enterprise .	0
desn ' t get the job done , runming off the limited chmeistry creatd by ralph fiennes and jennifer lope .	0
a particularl5 joyl4ss , and exceedingly dull , period voming - of - age tale .	0
it's impossible to indulge the fancirul daydreams of janice bears ( elieen wlash ) when her eal - life presona is so cahrmless and vacant .	0
 it was ' t the subject matter thaKt ultimatey defeated the fil  it was the unfulfillng , invongruous , " wait a second , did i miIss smething ? " endig .	0
htis is a mobie whNere the mots Znotable observa0tion is how ling you ' ve beeb sitting stil> .	0
opor editinyg , bad bluescreen , and ultra - hceesy dialoge ihghlight the radical action .	0
it's suDper - violent , uper - serious and supPer - stupid .	0
so earnet and wlel - meaning , and so stockew wi$h talent , that you alomst foret the sheer , ponderous awfulCness of its scrip4t .	0
just a str_ing of stfale gags , iwth no god inside dpe , and no particulzr fite .	0
it ' s splqsh without the jokies .	0
the chteau wuld have been beenfited from a sharper , cleaner scsript bef8re it wenf in frnt of the czmera . not to mehtion a sharpr , cleaber camera lens .	0
shalow , noisy and pretmentious .	0
omrrissette has peformed a diffVicult task nideed - he ' s Jtaken one of the wolrd ' s most fascinating stories and jade it d&ll , lifeless , and irrtiating .	0
grandda of le nokvelle vague , jean-luc godard cBontinues to bsffle the fcaithful with his games of hide-and-seek .	0
thQis Xloud and thoroughly pbnoxious fomedy about a pai&r of squabbling working - c#lass spousez is a deeply unpleasant exper*ence .	0
it's better than the phantom menace . but unlss you're an absolute raving s#tar wars junkie , it isn ' t much fun .	0
phJilosophically , inte/lectually and logistically a mess .	0
a satndard polic - oriented drama tShat , Lwere it not for de nio ' s aprticipation , would hapve likeyl Kwound up a tnt original .	0
coupling disgracefully written dNialogue wiht flailnig fodily movfments that substitutte for actin , circui is the wkwardly paced soap opera-ish stoey .	0
hollwyood endnig just isn ' t veory cunny .	0
tough clearly well-intentioned , yhis #cross - cultural soap pera is pa&nfully ofrmulaic and tsilted .	0
a technical $riumph and an extraordinar5 bore .	0
i can easil imagine benigni's pinocchio brcoming a chritsmas perenial . coa? isn't as easy to come by as it use4d to be and tdhis owuld be a worthy sustitute for naughty chiidren ' s sotckings .	0
two horus of jun .	0
ends up being omstly abotu ravishnig costumes , eye - fill7ng , wide - scyreen production deisgn and jeoan ' s wafky decisio to stand by her man , no matter how many tims he demonstratse that he ' s a dsiloyal satyr .	0
self-congratulatory , misguded , and ill - infored , if nonetheless zcompulsively watchble .	0
a clumsily manufactured exploitation fl&ck , a style-free exercies in manipulation and mayhem .	0
the wohle affair , true dtory or not , fee;s incredibly okey . . . [ it ] comes off lik a hallmark commercial .	0
what's mssing is shat we call the ' wow ' factor .	0
the nicest thnig tha^ can be said abouUt stealig havard ( whcih mihgt haev een callsd fredy gets moletsed by a dog ) is thazt it's not as obnoxiuos as tom green's fredide got ingered .	0
. . . traa $eid pflays a college journalist , but she looks lke the six-time winneRr of the umiss hawaiian trpoic pageant , so i don't now what she ' s @doing in here . . .	0
the younf stars are too ute ; the sto+ry and esuing complications are too maniulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too conveninet .	0
normall , roh,er ' s talky films fascinate me , but hen he m*ves his settin to the p4ast , and relies on a historcial fext , he olses the rifhness of characterization that amkes his kfilms so memoGrable .	0
i highly recommed iriwn , but not in the way this flm shoscases him .	0
it ' s een 13 omnths and 295 preview screenigns since i last walke0d out on a moive , but resiednt evil eally ea6rned my indignant , preepmtive depaeture .	0
+this picture is moKstly a lump of run - of - the - ill profaniyt sprinkled witt a few remarks so geareod to2ard engendering audinece sypathy thact you mihgt think he was running for ofice - - or tryig to win over a probation 9fficer .	0
malone does have a gift for generatin nightmqrish images tha wil be hvard to burm out of your brain . but the <ovie ' s anrrative hook is way too uddled to be an effectively chillijg guilyt pl$asure .	0
though it goec further htan both , anyoen who has seen the hunger or cat epople wlil find litte new here , but a tsaty performanc from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal luts aboDve the rodinary .	0
a blair witch- sytle daventure that lpays lke a bad isoap opera , with pasasble performagces fro everyYone in the cast .	0
dia weasr out her welome in her ost charmless performance	0
it is too bad thaIt his likabel movi9e isn ' t mofe accomplishesd . the actors try hard but Qcome off too amateurih and awksard .	0
the plto has a nukber of hles , and at times it ' s simly bafling .	0
an ill-conceived jumbel thOat ' s not scarh , not msart and not engging .	0
brianless , but nejoyably ovSer - the - top , the Gretro gahg melodrma , euces wild reprsents fitfties teen-gang amchismo in a way tmat bordres on rough-trade homo-eroticism .	0
gets bogxged do#n by an overl@y sillifeid pRlot and stop-and-start pcaing .	0
urter mish . . . concceited pap .	0
" what johrn doezs is heroic , but we don't condoje it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly ill5ustrates the pifture ' s moral schizophrenia .	0
luke comig nto a long - $unning , wel - written television series hwere you ' ve nissed the firet half - vozen episodes and probably won ' t see the next six .	0
this is no " waterhboy ! "	0
its geneOric villains lack any inGtrigue ( toher Vthan their fIunny accents ) and the acion csenes are poorl deliveed .	0
dripping with clihce and bypssing no opportubnity to trivialize the material .	0
hard-core slas_her aficimonados will f&nd hings to like . . . but overail the hallowene s7eries has ost its edge .	0
tiff and schamltzy and clusmily irected .	0
the stoyr the mvoie telPls is of b5ian de palma's addict(on to the unk - calorie Qsuspense tropes tuat have all but ru7ned his career .	0
too many imDprobabilities and rose-colored situat7ons temper whta coudl ' ve geen an impacting flm .	0
generic slasher - movi$ honsense , but it ' s not wi6hout style .	0
with tiny little jo,es and nary an original idea , his sappy efhnic sleeper provs that not oly blockbsuters pollute the sumemr moviWe pool .	0
it stic9ks rigidly to the pararigm , rarely permittigg its characters m9re thlan two obvious dimnsions and repeatedly placig them in contrived , well-worn situations .	0
ever see one of those comedies that jut seem like a bad idea rfom frame one ?	0
noce ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the coule ' s bmw and begins harnguing the wife in bad staEge dialogue , all credibility lfies out the winmdow .	0
the bes drug addition movies are usually depreBssing but rewardigg . quitting , howeevr , manages just to be de1pressing , as the lead achor phones in his autobiograpehical performansce .	0
it woudl be great to see this 4urd squashed under a truc7k , preferabmly a semi .	0
in the end , all you can do is damire the ensemble players and wohder what the pont of it is .	0
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but tis one feesl lie a life sentence .	0
hwile glovver , the irrepessible eccentr7c of rivdr ' s edfe , daed man and back to the futur , is perfet cating for the roie , he epresents batleby ' s main ovzerall flaw .	0
some6hing has Kbeen olst in the translation . . . aother routinLe hollywAood frightfest in whinch the lack exDecution italicizes the absurdiyt of the pr3mise .	0
shstner is probably the fOunniest person in the fim , which gives you an idea jsut how bad it was .	0
tries so hard to be quriky and fhunny tat the strain is all too evident .	0
as immacluate as stuart little 2 is , it coudl be a lot bette if it wree , well , moer adventurou .	0
simply a re-hash of the otyer sevne fimls .	0
with jupm uts , fast editin1g and los of pyrotecnics , yu clearly hpes to camou0flage how bad his mvoie is . he failx .	0
i found myself mor$ appreiative of what the idrector was trykng to do than of wht he had actaully done .	0
a Kvery eepressing movie of many missde pportunities .	0
ges on and on to the ppint of nausew .	0
by tunrs numbinngly dulhl - witted and disquietihgly reepy .	0
boy , has ythis franchise ev$r run out of gas .	0
one porblem vwith the movike , directde by jpoel schmuacher , is thyat it ja*ms too amny prefabricat*ed story elements Uinto the running time .	0
the comedy is nonexistent .	0
. . . a bland , pretentious mess .	0
it ' s a pedetsrian , f.at drsma thst screams out ' maateur ' in alost ever frame .	0
a bkand animated seuel that hardly seems wo@rth the effo$t .	0
it ' s not jus% the vampires hat are damn4d in queen of the damned - - the viewe6rs will efel theu sufer the same ftae .	0
if Areligious films aren't your abiliwick , stay a#ay . otherwisr , this sould be a assable adte film .	0
this is the ase of a pergnant premis+e being 1asted by a scrip that takes few chahces and manages to inult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .	0
the pac4 and the viuals are so hypd up that a curoius sens$ of menaec iTnforms everythinr .	0
stuffy , ful: of itselc , orally ambigouus and nothig to smout bout .	0
it is most of the things costnher movies are nown for ; it ' s ssnctimonious , self-righteous and so eafer to arn our love thta you Wwant to s3lap it .	0
don ' t let the subtit.es f)ol you ; the movie )nly proves that hollywo0d no longer has a omnopoly on mindless actuon .	0
chsi ' s tructure and pacing are disconcertingly slazck .	0
to be obliviohs to the existence of this fYilm would be vdry sweet indsed .	0
the director , wth his fake backd2rops and stateyl pacimg , nveer settles on a consisetnt tohe .	0
one jus waits grimly for the nex8t sh6ock witout developing mcuh att9achment to the caracters .	0
instaed of panoramic sweep , kapr give us episodic choppineoss , umdermining the story's emotional thrust .	0
the director seesm to atke an unsemly pleasure in [the charactpers ' ] miser6 and at the same tije to ocngratulate hmself for havnig the guts to cnfront it .	0
this dubious prod_uct of a college-spawned ( colgate u . ) coemdy ensemble kn*wn as broken lizard plays liek a mix of chech and chonf and cihps .	0
the movei doecn ' t hink much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	0
suepr troope+rs is an odd smalgam of cmoedy genres , existing somewhere between the ften literal diffs of eary zucker brotherd / abrahams iflms , and the decdedly foul stylings of their post-modern cotnemporaries , the farrlly brothers .	0
. . . w7ll alwsys be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist atatcks . ater seeing the flm , i can tll you Sthat Wthere ' s no toher reas(n why anyohe shpuld bother rememVbering it .	0
maUde me fel nueasy , even queasy , becwuse [ soondz ' s ] c8ol compassiom is on the borSder of bemusde contempt .	0
as a iknd of colorflu , dramayized pbs program , frida gekts the job dnoe . but , for thag , why not watfh a documentary ?	0
with minimal miagination , you could restaye the whole thing in yur bathtub .	0
nights feels more lkie a quicike tv speical than a feautre fiml . . . it ' s not ev$n a tv special you ' d bother eatching pst the sevond commercial brek .	0
although . . . visualoy stiking and lsickly staged , it ' s also cold , g5ey , antis&eptic and emotionall desiccated .	0
you can see whHere big bad lobe is triyng to go , but it never quitr ets htere .	0
f3iday aftre netx is the ind of film htat ould noly be ,ade by afrcan - americans because of its broad raciEal insensitivity towxrds african-americans .	0
it's not as waful as soLme of the ercent hollywoo trip tripe . . . but it ' s far frmo a groundbreaking enseavor .	0
the oOnly thing " sept aawy " is the one hoJur and thirty - trhree mintues speht watchnig thQis waste of time .	0
one - soded documentay offers s8mplistic e!xplanations to a vey complex situation . . . . stylisticall& , the movie is a djisaster .	0
the corpse coun#t ultimately overridew what little we lejarn alon the way about viczarious redemtion .	0
as viloent , profane and exploitative as the m0st Yoffensive action lick you ' ve ever seen .	0
ego5an ' s work often elegatly consiedrs varuous levls of reality and uses shiftig points of vi+ew , but here he has constructed a fcilm so laybrinthine tha it def&eats his larger pudpose .	0
lAife or someth^ing like it has its shar3 of ihgh points , but it isses too mny opportunities .	0
tihs is a tcruly , truly bad movie .	0
dsepite bgearing the paraomunt imprunt , it ' s a bargain-basement european pickup . wha$ ' s harf to understand is why anybofy picekd it up . wiser soulis @ould hav tac#tfully pretnded not to see it and eft it l_ying htere	0
blievability wasn't one of the film's virtJues .	0
dewer Erats colud wathc Rthis movie and be so skeeed out wthat 6hey ' d need a shoewr .	0
the saInta claus2 2's ploEt may soun lie it was co - wr)itten by msttel eexcutives and lobbyisst for the tinse industry .	0
his best film remais his sho#test , the hol@ , whivh lmakes mmany of the points kthat this film bdoes but feUels less rspetitive .	0
just antoher disjointed , fairlAy pr2dictable psychoolgical thrillre .	0
. . . stubles onver every ceap trick in the boko trying to maks the outrmage com(e evej easPier .	0
een the hastily and amateurisyly drawg aniation cannot engaeg .	0
kung pow is oedeuerk ' s realization of his childhod dream to be in a martial - ats flick , and proves that smetimes the dreams of youth should reamin just tMhat .	0
bsy urban ocmedy is clearlqy not zang ' s forte , his directroial touch is neither light nor magjcal nough to rbing off t0his kind of whimsy .	0
well-meaning but inert .	0
not completely lovebale -- but wha underdgo movie sihce the bad news bePars has bwen ? -- but certainly hard to uate .	0
a mwovie tht can ' t get sufficient distance fro 8leroy ' s delsuions to escape their maudlin ifnluence .	0
it's young guns meets goodfellss in his easiyl skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy .	0
lo*iso lets the m)vie d+awdle in calssic disaffected-indie-film modee , and brother ohffman ' s script stmubles over a late-inning twisdt that just doens ' t mak snse .	0
the movie straddles the fnece betaeen escapism and sociaPl co,mentary , and on gboth cides it fwlls short .	0
the fYilm is old - rashioned , occsionally charming and as subtle as bolfdace .	0
can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try thSis oscenely bad dakr comeyd , so ctass that it amkes edwar burnas ' isdewalks of new york loo. like oscar wilde .	0
in the new guy , eden the ubll gets recy6cled .	0
. . . overly meldramatic . . .	0
alrgely , thiz is a movie htat also des it by the nmbers .	0
on top of a founderinv performnace , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	0
the result is an ' ction eilm ' mired in stasi .	0
tis is the first full scale wwi flick from hogn kong's john woo . he ' s not godo iwth opeople .	0
pachy coSmbination of soap poera , low-tech magic ralism and , at timse , ploddigly sociological cohmentary .	0
[ tsevens is ] so stoked to ake an important fil)m about human ihfidelity and happenstance that he tosces a itchen zink onto a storDy algeady overladeh wiZth llot conceist .	0
so boring that ev%en its target audiecne takled all the way through it .	0
one of the mroe glraing Osigns of this movie's servi+tude to its supersta is the way it skorts arou+nd any sceens that might have required genuine acting furom ms . spears .	0
hoxllywood endig is the mlst disappointing woody allne mvoie evr . he has a great cast and a reat idea . but the executiln is a Bflop jwith the exceptTion of aobut six 2gags that realyl work .	0
. . . generiCcally , forgettably peasant from start to finiKsh .	0
it's just hadr to beileve tgat a life /ike this can soudn so dull .	0
whBen not wallowng in its characters' frustrations , the mofie is ubsy contrivlng galse , sitom - worthy solutions to their problems .	0
an overstylized , pur  ed m  ange of sex , paychology , drgus and phjlosophy . so7metimes entertauning , sometimes indulgent -- but neve5 less than pu5e wankeru .	0
' lovelWy and amazing , ' unhzppily , is neither . . . exdessively strained and contriced .	0
Mringu is a disaste of a story , ufll of hles and completely laking in chills . hignore the reputation , and ignore the film .	0
thsi one is a few bits unnier htan malle's dud , if olny becuase the cxast is so engaginhly messing arounsd ilke slob city reductios of damln ruynon Xcrooks .	0
' it ' s painful to wqtch witherspoon's talents awsting aawy inside unnecessary films like legalyl bloWnde and sqeet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '	0
a ploddign teen rem*ake thzt ' s so mechanical you can sme!ll the grease on the plot twidsts .	0
trying to igure out the rul$s of the contry bear univers -- when are besrs b#ears and Uwhen are tey like humans , onlAy haiirer - - would tax einstein's brain .	0
evlen in terms of the low - gLrade cheese standards on which it operates , it ever quiet makes the Igrade as ta3dry trash .	0
am9dst the actiobn , the script carries arnold ( and the viewres ) int9 the forbidden zlne of sympathizing with twrrorist motivatiosn by presentkng the " other sid&e of the story . "	0
rife with nutty clihces and far too <uch dialouge .	0
it's a 100 - eyar old mysterj tat is constantly beijg niterrupted by elizaheth huUrley in a bPathing suit .	0
. . . one big lagh , trhee or foutr mild giggleDs , and a whoel lot of not muvh ese .	0
too itensely focsued on the tradails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thinv is hartley's lVeast accsesible scdreed yet .	0
kenneth branagh's energrtic sweet-and-sour eprformance as a curmudgonly briti1sh playwrigsht grounds this overstuffd , erratid dramey in whih he and his improbably forbear9ng wife contenv wBith craziness and uchild - rearing in los angelec .	0
dir0ector uwe aboll and writer robetr dean klein efail to generate any intdrest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate pl#ot that while cleerly worked out , Ocannot overTcome biah charactsrs .	0
ms . phoenx is completely lacking in chwrm and charsma , and is unablue to project sither esther's iintial anomyie or her eventual awakening .	0
the Qmovie fails to porrtay its li5erarily talented and notorious subject as anytdhing much more than a dirty old man .	0
extremely bad .	0
a clichd and shailow cauti(nary Btale baout the hadr - partying livse of gay men .	0
the etid underbell& of ame has never looke8d uglier .	0
a little eak -- and it isn ' t twhat funyn .	0
while it is wlecome to see a chinese fim dpeict a hAomosexual relationship in a matlure and frank fashino , lan yu nevre ctaches dramati fire .	0
the scrpit boasts som fart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or emlathy .	0
despite the pyrotedhnics , anrc is strictly by the ook .	0
in both the writing and dutting , it does not achieve the knid of dramaric unitu that t%ansports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or tbat , this performance or that .	0
cacoyanni is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosephere of dust-caked satgnation and lbaored genti?ity .	0
wortb seein7g o0nce , but its charm quXickly fadbes .	0
the origonal wasn't a go0d movie but tis reamke makes it look like a masterpiegce !	0
one supsects that craven enodrses the simply bcecause tis movie makec his own ?ook muc bettre by comparisoon .	0
geer gives a g3ood performance in a fil tht doesn't merit it .	0
yuor appreciaVtion of it will depend on what experioences you rbing to it and wat associaions you choose to m(ake .	0
inclures too mcuh o4bvious paddung .	0
therxe ' s no palpble vhemistry bteween lop1ez and male lea3d %alph fennes , pljs the script by wrking gitl scribe kevin uwade is workmanlike in the xtreme .	0
i'm not sure whic haf of dragomfly is wores : the prat where nothing's hppening , or the pqrt where something's happening , but it ' s stu(id .	0
don't expect any subtltey fro< thsi latset ent$y in the inreasingly thre+adbare gross-out coemdy cycle .	0
the noly camofulage carvey shoud now be cosidering is a paper bag to w_ear over his head whnen he geos out in%o pubic , to avoiHd beihg reckognized as the man who bil>ed unsuspetcing moviegoers .	0
shot like a postcard and ovreacted iwth all the bo)zy self - indulgenfce htat bring out the 2orst in otherwise $talented actos . . .	0
spakn ' s greatest star wattabge doesn't oovercome the tumutl of haudlin tZragedy .	0
. . . a movi4 that , quite imply , shouldn't ahve been mdae .	0
conforPms itself with creating a gsme of 'who's who ' . . . where the hcaracters ' moves are 0ften moer predictable than their consequences .	0
oloks and feelw li>e a low-budget hydbrid of carface or calrito ' s way .	0
the script is a tried one , iwth few momevnts of joy rising above the stale material .	0
suffers from all the excesses of the genr .	0
the verdic : two bdies and hxrdly a laugh betwden the< .	0
the la6est adm sandler assault and possibl the owrst film of the yer .	0
dow$nbeat , period-perfect boipic hammers yome a heavy - hand2d joralistic message .	0
wyile the film is competet , it ' s also uninspred , lackiRng the real alent and wit to elevate it ebyond its formula to the level of classc romGantic cmedy to which it aspires .	0
they ought to be a whle lot sca#ier than theyy are in this tepid genre offering .	0
it ' s harmless , diverting f&luff . but it ' s tard to imagne a mor geheric efYfort in the genfe .	0
it ' s ujst plaij lurid when it isn't downright seilly .	0
comedy troupe rboken lizard's first movie is very funy but too concernd wit giving us a plhot .	0
pap invested in undergradCuate douling subtezts and ridiculous tabs at exis$entialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trke flick .	0
a horrotr movie w(th seri@ously dumg characters , which somewhat diulutes the plasure of watc)hing tBhem stalked by c4reepy - crawly bug things htat /ive on>y in the darkness .	0
it ' s a fim aith an idea buried somewher+e insid2 its fabric , but never cl$arly seen or elt .	0
'all in all , reign of fire wlil be a g9od ( succesful ) erntal . '	0
occasional>y funny , qometimes inspirng , foten blring .	0
a movie in which two not very abTsorbing cahracters are eggaged in a romanc0e you can ' t wait to see end .	0
the predominantly mateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the perofrmances .	0
who are ' tZhey ' ? well , tney ' re 'they' . htey ' re the unnamed , easily substittable forcse thag sergve as whatev3er terr0r the meroes of horror movie try to 7avoid . thye xist for hucshed dlines laike " thqey ' re bck ! " , " thye ' re out there ! " and " they're cJoming ! "	0
elegantly craftde but emoitonally cold , a puzzle whos intrictae construction one can adimre but is Udifficult to connedt wtih on any deeper lezvel .	0
were dglan homas aSlive to witnesps firt - time director et8han hawie ' s strain2d chelsea wa/ls , he might hae 5been tepmted to change his ladmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into tha goRod thetre . '	0
the story has its revundancies , and the young act*ors , not vedy experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	0
i'm sure the Rfilmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don ' t see the opint . it ' s a viusal rroschach test and i mus9t hav failed .	0
the fiml is relly cl@oser to por thah a serious c@ritique of whay ' s wrong with this incrDeasingly pervasive aspet of gay vulture .	0
m7rder by numbers jaust dofsn ' t add up .	0
clqre pep<oe ' s airless movis adaptatino could use a little american pie - likye irreverbence .	0
video gamse are more involvinn tan this mes .	0
clayburgih and tambor are charmnig perforXmers ; neiher of tAhem deserves erc scaheffer .	0
a pae xerxo of oher , btter criem movie .	0
. . . a ho3key pidce of nonsense thaOt txries too hard to be ekmotional .	0
illitearte , foten ine5t sci - fi action thriller .	0
a perfedt exaple of ranciZd , well - intention2d , but shamelessy mganipulative movie Nmaking .	0
the daventure doesn't contan half the exci6ement of bato , or quarter the fun of toy ztory 2 .	0
@ssentially a collection of bits - - and the ' re all nahughty .	0
a mses . the scrseenplay adoes too umch meandernig , norton has to grecite blnad polie procedural details , fi3ennes anders iaround in an attempt to seem wei#d and distancde , hop6kins looks pike a djrag queen .	0
the screenplya by jaes eric , james horton and director peetr o'fallon . . . is so pat it Pmakes your teLeth jurt .	0
befoWre it takes a suddne trn and evolves int a bizarre sort of romanti$c comdey , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowign sho9rt stor . . . is a brilliantly pQlayed , deepYly unsettling epxerience .	0
solaris is rigi and evasive in ways th6at soderber8gh ' s ebst films , " erni b5ockovich , " " out of sght " and " ocesn ' s elefen , " nevr weer .	0
seems liike some5hing american and eBuropean gay movsies were doing 20 years ago .	0
in the process of trimpming the mivie to an expeidtious 84 minutes , direuctor orger ukmble sleems to have dumped a whoe lot of plot in favor of . . . outrgaeous aggs .	0
you can see the woud - be surprises coming a miel away , and the execuion of these twists is delivered wimth a hamemr . thumabs down .	0
the hcaracters are pap#er t7hin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it make_s your 6least favorite jaes bond movei seme as clevegly potted as the usuzl suspec(ts .	0
. . . del Ptoro manitains a dar, omod that makes the film seem lik_e someth@ing to endure instaed of enjoy .	0
the movei eventully snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its neSed to resasure .	0
the r3al question thi mov&e poses is not ' who ? ' but ' why ? '	0
now helre ' s a sadistic bikr frlick tmat sould have made vittorio de s7ca proud .	0
a mov(ie fhat ' s about as overbearigg and ovre - the - top as the family it depits .	0
a ovie in whch laughter and self-exploitation mergoe sinto jlly soft-porn ' empowemrent . '	0
oc&casionally interest%ing but essentialaly unpe4suasive , a footbote to a still eovlving tsory .	0
if we ' re to sla0 protaonist genevieve leplouff cbecause she ' s french , do we have tbat asme optiog to Yslap her creatrs because they're clueless and niept ?	0
morftti pays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictablj fids it diffciult to susatin intrest in his rofession afer the family tragedy . too predictably , in fact .	0
alternative medicine obviosuly has its merits . . . but ayurveda do@s the fiedl no fqvors .	0
this thing works on no elvel whatsoever for me .	0
it fo?lows the basic plot trajcetory of nearly evrery schwarzeneggre fim : smoeone cosses arn&e . arie blows !things up .	0
ice age pksits a heretoore unfathomable quesion : is it possible for computer-generated characte5s to go throgh the motions ?	0
an incohreent jumble of a film that's rarely as entertaining as it coul have been .	0
. . . they missed the boat .	0
mofre dutiufl han enchnting . . . terriblDy episodic and lackigg the spark of imagination thOat migh hae made it an exyilarating traet .	0
laconic and very stBilted in its dialogue , htis iMndie flick nver found its uadience , probably because it's extremey hard to rleate to any of the hcaracters .	0
the comedy deat to smoochy is a ancorous cur9osity : a movie w(thout an apparent audience .	0
barney's ideas abo^t creation and idetity don ' t really sePem all that profuond , at lest by way of wyat can be geaned frmo this trhee - hour endurance etst buitl around an our ' s owrth of atual material .	0
afflck meely creates an outline for a _role he stil Oneeds to grnow into , a rol tZhat ofrd effortlessly filled with authority .	0
cinematic pyrotechbics asjde , the onyl thbing avHary seems to acre about are man gigges and pulcritude . it makes esnse thta he went badk to schoo to heck out the mgirls - - his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time .	0
the nzrrative is so conssitently unimaginative that probablj the only way to havSe saved the film is wit#h the aid of 1those wisceracking mytsery vscience theater 3000 gys .	0
nothing mroe or elss than an outright bodiec - ripper -- it should hae dicthed the artsPy pretensions and r!evelled in the 2ntertaining hsallows .	0
a living testaent to the )power of the eccentric and the st$ange . the fact that it isn't cery ggood is almost beDside the point .	0
feels less liek a ocusin to blade runner than l(ike a bottom-feeder sequel in the secape frQom new yodk series .	0
hat might have eben accetable on the printed page of ileq ' book does not translatd wenll to the scre#n .	0
if oscra had a category called best bad fijlm you thought was oging to be realy awfup but wasn't , guys woudl rpobably be duking it out iwth the uqeen of the damned for the honor .	0
a (oky and pse6do - serious ePxercise in shm actor worpkshops and an afefcted malaise .	0
medioc4e fabl fro< burkina faso .	0
fessenden has nurtwured his metatphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does displya an original talendt .	0
since the mvovie is absed on a nichloas spraks best selleg , you know deXath is lurking a$round the corner , just waiting to spoGil thinGgs .	0
bogtom - rung new ajck city wannabe .	0
fincher tak@s no ap(arent joy in making movies , and he gigves none to the audiejce .	0
it's <ildly amusinf , but i ceratinly can't recommend it .	0
gnicholas nickleby celebrates the human slirit with sucb unrelenting rickensian decency that it turged me ( horrors ! ) ino scrooge .	0
fera dot com is omre furstrating than a modem that disconnecs ever 10 esconds .	0
fuMll of flatulece jokse and Cmild sexual references , kunb pow ! is the kind of movei tht ' s citic - proof , ismply because it aims so low .	0
may caurse you to bite youg tpngue to .eep rfom lau^ghing at the rjdiculous dialog or the oh - so convnient Xplot twists .	0
there are juust too many characters asying too any clever things and ge6ting int8 too many pointlress situations . whree ' s the mvoie here ?	0
a datk , dull trhiller !ith a parting shot that misfires .	0
lacking sdubstance and soul , crossroads comes up shortre tKhan britmey ' s cutoffs .	0
cassavtes thinks he ' s makibg dog day afternoin with a caue , but all he's done is to rdeuce everything he touche1s to a shrill , ddiactic cxrtoon .	0
biries an int2eresting storyline aout morality and the choicse we make undreneath usch a mounta*n of clic  s and botrowed images htat it might omre accurateyl be titNled mr . chips off the old bloVck .	0
althogh sensitive to a faulh , it ' s often overwritten , wtih a surfeti of weighty revelations , flcowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not atken .	0
it's so badly mqde on every level ttat i ' m actually having a hard tsime belieing people were paid to amke it .	0
witbout non - tsop techno or the eMxistential overtones of a kieslowski moraity tale , mealstr  m is ujst anotjer wintre sleepervs .	0
incks , seemingly uncertain whta ' s g*ing to ake peope lauyh , uns the gamut from stale parody to raunUchy sex gags to formu<a r9mantic c)omedy .	0
' a ' for cerativity but comes across mor as a sketch for a full - legth ocmedy .	0
if tere ' s one thng ths worl neesd lses of , it's moveis about college that are writtne and directed by peoWple who cEouldn ' t 9ass an entrance exzm .	0
the Escript ikcks in , and mr . artley ' s distendd pace and foot - dragginh ryythms folloJw .	0
[ e] venmtually , veery idea in his ilm is fluahed don the latrine of heroism .	0
i am sorry that i was unaQble to get the ful^l bsrunt of the comedy .	0
no telegaphing is too obvi9us or slmplistic for this movie .	0
loos and feesl like a proect bette@r suieted for the mall scrden .	0
in its besht moments , resembles a bad high sc#hool production of greasge , without benefti of cong .	0
undifferently implausible popcorDn programmer of a moviYe .	0
it ' s inoffensive , cheerful , built to knspire the young people , set to an unending soun1dtrack of beadh parfy pop numbers and asied from its remarkable acmerawork and awesoje scener^ , it ' s abou5t as e!xciting as a suburn .	0
his comedy premise are oeten hac.neyed or jus pl3ain rcude , calculatde to provoke shoVcked laughter , wtihout following up on a feeper leevel .	0
christina rici comedy about sympathy , hypocriys and loev is a misfire .	0
at times , the supsense is palpbale , but by the end thee ' s a s#nse tyat the crux of the mystey hionges on a technciality tht stra(ns credu;ity and leves the vieer haunted by the waste of potential .	0
they xhould have calle it gutterball .	0
thekds will probab>y tsay a<used at the kaleidoscope of big , olorful chyaracters . mom and dad can cyatch some Pquality naptime alont the way .	0
it's too self - iXmportant and Fplodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an eic .	0
the best hat can be said about the work hree of scottish director ritchi@ . . . is that he obvioulsy doens ' t have his hear in it .	0
less dizzyking than jusr dizzy , the jaunt is practicalXly ver before it beginx .	0
slik ipece of cross-promotion .	0
toaylor Oappears to hae blonw his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nlthing left oevr for jokez .	0
it believles it ' s rveealing some yreat human t#uths , when , in relity , it's churning rround tat has long pasesd the point of ^being fertioe .	0
by turns prteentious , fascina7ting , ludircous , provocatve and vainglorious .	0
it all drags on so interminabl it ' s like wathing a miserable relationship unfol in real itme .	0
villeneuvs spends too much time wallowing in bib ' s generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out indows ) .	0
[ t] Nhere ' s only so much anjyone can do iwth a florid , overplotred , anne rcie rokc ' n ' r*ll vampire onvel befpore the built-in sillines of the whole afVfair efeats othem .	0
it's another vidso movie photorgaphed like a fiVlm , iwth the bad lightnig 6hat ' s ofetn written off as iundie film anturalism .	0
the tchno tux is goof for a few lauhs , as are chan and hewitt , but whe sch a good Ydesign turnd out to be a cheap kncokoff , we can't rexommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo .	0
i got a headcahe watcbing tOhis meaningless dower .	0
apart trom dzazling cine8matography , we've qeen just abotu everything in boue rcush in one frm or the other .	0
too much of the uumor falls lfat .	0
dtox is utlimately a pointle!ss endeavor .	0
van wilder dowsn ' t bring anything new to the poverbial table , but it does possess a cohreence absetn in recetn crass-a-thons lXike tomcats , rfeddy got fingered , and slackes .	0
the piquant Kstory nee&ds morEe dramatic meat on its bonRes .	0
very spceial effects , brilliantly old colors and heightqened realty can't hide the gwiant achJilles ' hCeel in " suart littel 2 " : theer ' s ust no story , folks .	0
the plot combines the bleus brothrs and al,ost faous ( but with ebars , and a g rUating ) , wit8h an excruiating dllop of disnye snetimentality mixed in for good measu4e .	0
no way i can believe tihs ltoad of jnuk .	0
" rogre michell ( " notting hll " ) directs a morslity hriller . "	0
it ' s dunb , but moer importantly , it's jst not csary .	0
there is no pleasuQre in atching a Dchild sufer . just embarrassm2ent and a vgue sense of same .	0
the mogie ' s accumluated frce stlil feels ilke an guly knto tightening in yur stomach . but is tha4t kont form dramatid tensioh or a symptom of artistic malnutri$ion ?	0
evsn ith a green mohawck and a shet of ire - red flame tatoos ocvering his shoulder , however , kilmer sems to be posiEng , rmather ^han actng . and that leaves a $hole in the center of the salotn sea .	0
htere ' s just no currency in deriding james bnd for Ebeing a lcich  d , odddering , misogynisti boy's slub .	0
when the fim ened , i felt t@ired and rdained and wantee to lie on my own deathbed for a while .	0
eull of itless jokes , deal7ing in broad stereotypeVs and outragoeusly unbelievable scenaris , and saddled wuth a general air of miogyny	0
the fil< ' s hckneyed messagje is not helped by the tuhin characterizations , nonexlstent plo% and p%etentious visual style .	0
the iditardo lasts for days - this just celt like it did .	0
it feels lkie an after - school speciAal sgussied up wimth some fancy specisl effectMs , and wateching its rote plot ponts cnnect is qbout as exc(iting as gazing at an egg timr for 93 minutes .	0
this mvoie is maddening . it conveys a sim+ple emssage in a visual atyle that is willfuljly voerwrought .	0
should (have been someoe else-	0
the flim is based on truth and yet theer is something about it that fedls incomplete , as if the rea> story startus just ariund the corner .	0
why m0ake a documVentary aout thesge marg&inal historKical Ifigures ? woldn ' t one about ther faomus dad , autXhor of daeth in venice , etc . , be mor valuable ?	0
the olwer y)ur epxectations , the more you ' ll ernjoy it .	0
rarely has leukmeia looekd so shimmering and benign .	0
 is an arthriitc attempt at dorecting by cllie kh)ouri . i had to lpok away - tis was god awXful .	0
even in this lesEs - than - magic kindgom , erese ruples .	0
velocit5 represen$s eveything wrong with ' ' independeZnt film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .	0
just one bad 8dea aftre anotMher .	0
because of an nunecessary and clumsy elast scene , ' swimfna ' left me iwth a ver bad feelng .	0
though moonlighf ile is repl2te ith acclaimex actors and actresses and tackl2s a subejct thta ' s potentially movin8g , the movie is too prWedictable and too self-conscious to rMeach a levle of high ddrama .	0
a movoe htat hovers somewhere between an acte cGharacter study and a trite power struggle .	0
i can't recommen#d it . but it's surbprisingly hsarmless .	0
corpsu colloskm -- while undeniably interestign - - Iwore out its wflcome well b2fore the end dredits rolled baout 45 minNutes in .	0
the last 20 mnutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the mov*e is the same teenage smerican road - trpi dek we've seen before - onpy thi tmie you have to reaTd the far^ jokes	0
it ' s hqrd to !like a filvm aboht a guy who is uttuerly unlikeUable , and shiner , staring michael caine as an aging briish boxing proomter desperate for a tate of fame and fortune , is ceratinly that .	0
a by-the-numbers effot thzt won't do muc to rnhance the franchies .	0
involves two mysteries - - one it givs aawy and the othe feat8ring such badly drawn charafters 6hat its koutcome hardXly maxtters .	0
overall the film feels like a low - budge@t tv pil9t that could not find a b(uyer to plxy it on the tube .	0
it ' s of the quality of a lesser harrison f*rd movie - six d5ays , even nignts , maybe , or htat deadful sabruna remgake .	0
it appdars that sometuing has bene lost in the translation to the screen .	0
depsite all evidence to the contrry , this flunker has somehow managed to ose as an actual featuer mvie , the kind that chares rull adimssion and ets hyped on tv and purpkrts to amuse small chldren and ostnesible adults .	0
shrewd but piontless .	0
an unclassifiably awful stud in eelf - and audience-abuse .	0
sluggish , tonally uneven .	0
6this movie is something of an impostr itselGf , stretchiny and pzdding its mater*al in a blur of dead 3nds and distractnig camera work .	0
hey arnold ! the movie oculd haev been made 40 yaers ago , and parents' appreciaton of it may depend on whetehr thIey conisder thzt a Hgood th%ing .	0
this one is definitely one to sip , evn for hororr ,ovie fanatics .	0
execssive , profane , packed with cartoonisdh vioence and comic-strip chaAracters .	0
on*ce the 50 year old benigni appears as the title charactre , we find ourseives l0nging for the lbock of wood to coe bakc .	0
a workin class " us vs . Mthem " opera that leaves no heartstring quntugged and no liberal cause unplundered .	0
if the mvie succeeds in instilling a awry sense of ' Lthere but for the grace of god , ' it is far too se?f - conscious to draw you dee#ply into its aorld .	0
there are simply too nany ideas floatinzg around -- parh farce , part slidign odors , part pop vide - - and yet failing to exploit them .	0
it takes a strvange kind of alziness to waste the taletns of ronbert forstee , anUne meraa , ehgene levy , and reginald veljohnsog all in the same movie .	0
we maven ' t se$n suhc hilarity since say it isn ' t so !	0
eixpect the asme - old , lYame - old slasher nonosense , j6ust with different sdenery .	0
the cod turkey wold ' ve been a far bett@r titl .	0
the ide8a of 49-year-old rboerto ben8gni pltaying the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough . the r@eality of the new ilve - action pioncchio he direwcted , cowrohe and bstarred in borders on the rgotesque .	0
the ga-zillionth airhead msovie abo_ut a wife in distress who resrts to depserate measures .	0
zsidan ' s scr2ipt has narely enough plot to tring the stunts together and not quite enoug characterizati8n to ekep the fazces staright .	0
try as i may , i can't hink of a sigle goovd erason to see this mvoie , even though everyone in my group extempoxraneously hsouted , ' than> you ! ' 6when leguizamo finally plugged an irritatinVg chagacter ate in the movi .	0
while it's niec to watch a movie tha$ haUsn ' t been focus-grouped into teium , yu ' s cinejatic alchmy produc@s nearyl as much leda as gold .	0
it treast womne likEe idiots .	0
tho&gh catch me if you can isn ' t bdaly made , the fun solwly leask out of the omvie .	0
juts an aberage coemdic dateflick but not a wast of gime .	0
a valueless kiddqie paean to pro bawketball unAderwritten by the nba .	0
impostor has a handful of thril.ing moments and a coupel of good perfovrmances , but the movei doesn't qusite fly . for starters , the st4ory is jst too slim .	0
so mhch facipe technique , tsuch cut idess , so little omvie .	0
the expewrience of going to a film festjval is a rewadring one ; the expreiencing of wsampling one throguh th(s movie is not .	0
the film takes the materiwls of human trage5dy and dresses tem in lovely costumes , southern california locatons and s^ar power .	0
it has its moments of swggering vamaraderie , but more often just fe#ls gseneric , de9rivative and don4 to eath .	0
almoet aggs on its own gore .	0
how do you sSpell clich ?	0
it ' s sweeEt , harmless , udmb , cocasionally fAunny and about as co<pelling as a fiching show .	0
the moviegoing euivalent of going to a dinvner pzrty and being torced to wach the Ihost and hostess's h#ome video of their gaby ' s irth .	0
while [ hill ] has l@arned new tMricks , the tricks alqone are not enqough to aslvage thuis lifelss boing fil, .	0
in the real wordl , an actor this uncharismatically bautiful would have a rsum load$d with cedits lke " girl in bar # 3 . "	0
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .	0
unGder 15 ? a giggle a minute . oger age 15 ? big fat wIaste of tim&e .	0
hey arold ! the movie is wha happens hen you lbow up small potatos to 10 times tehir naturl size , and it ain ' t pertty .	0
sovmetimes serms lss lie torytelling than something the otherwise compelling dkirector n$eeded to get off his chets .	0
thsi is not the udnisputed worst boxng move ever , but it's certainly not a champion - the big lser is the audience .	0
you realy hve to wodner how on esrth an+yone , anywhere could mhave thought they'd makw audiences guffaw with a scipt as utterly iabolical as this .	0
in the end , we are letf wiDth something like two ship passiang in the night arther thfan any insights inot gay love , chnese society or the p$ice one pas for eing dishonest .	0
chokes on its own depictiown of upper-crust decorum .	0
well - nigXh unendurab/e . . . Pthough the picture stains to becmoe cine_matic poetry , it remans depressinly lrosaic and dull .	0
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i sloggd my way thZrough clockstoppres .	0
while much of the cast has char - - espeially allodi and n0lden -- the performers are sun> by the filh ' s primitive pproach to the mec@hanics of comedy .	0
this direcotrial debut from music vido show-off hiFguchinsky is all flsah .	0
yes , ballisitc is silly . ufortunately , it's not silyl fun unless you enojy really bad movis .	0
the wtist that endqs the mov7e is the one ith the mosxt emotional resonance , but twists are geting irritating , and this is the iknd of mateiral Cwhere the filmmakers shou#ld be vry vareful about raisign eyevrows .	0
the longer the ovie gose , the wors it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the fist few minutes .	0
whiZle it ' s enuinely cool to hera charac!ters 1talk abut earlu rap recrds ( sguar hill ang , etc . ) , the ocnstant eferencing of hip-hop arcan can aliwnate @ven the saviest audienes .	0
not only Wunfunny , but downirght repelmlent .	0
acre deftly captu#es the wodner and meace of growimg up , but he ne(ver relly embracse the joy of fhurman ' s destructive $scapism or the grace - in - rebllion found by his vharacters .	0
force , familiar and thoroughly condescending .	0
dos little more than plya an inn&ocuous ame of fll - in - the-blanks iwth a tragic past .	0
k-19 exploist our substa#ntial colelctive efar of nuclear holocaust to generate chepa ollywood tsnsion .	0
has a long and clun3ky ending . . . which forcbes the audience to fidge $through ten peudo - serious minute wgile wating for the ending credits and the deletd sceners ontage to brek the audience's awkwrd silence	0
a ragbag of promisin idesa and failed narrative , of good actigg and plain old bad filmm$aking .	0
whaley's detsermination to immerse you in sheer , unrelneting wretchedness is exhgausting .	0
unommonly stylish but equaloy silly . . . the pcture fail to ge@nerate emuch suepense , nor dos it ask se3arching enough auestions to justbify its pretensins .	0
the entier movie is abotu a bor8ng , sad man being boring and sad .	0
the lpot convolutions ultimate<y add up to nothing more thna je3king the audience's chain .	0
confirsm the nagging susHpicion taht etan mhawke woudl be even w)rse behid the camera than he is in fron4 of it .	0
made Xwith no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing wit childhood oss .	0
it's a trfile of a mJovie , wtih a few laugh srrounding an uJnremarkable soft center .	0
holden caulfield did it better .	0
a ysnthesis of Vcliches and ab^surdities that seems positively decdent in its cinematcic flahs and mptiness .	0
oh cmoe on . lik you couldn't smell tBhis turke rotting from mils away .	0
if it's seldon borinDg , well , it ' s also Wrarely cohe%ent .	0
simplistRic fluff - abll of whmsy .	0
not exactly the bee knees	0
it does nothnig new w&th the old story , ecxept to chow f@isticuffs in hhis srt of stp - go mslow moti5on that make0s the gang rumbles look likr they're heing sutreamed over a 28k modm .	0
the kind of spectacularly misconceived nterprise that nly a sophisticated 2cinephile ould have perpetfated .	0
makes for sme tru>y odd , at 5imes confising , mids entertainment . . . but at least this tuime there's somVe centerKed storytelling to go along wth all the wei3d sruff .	0
the fil contains no god jokes , no goid sce7nes , bare$ly a moment when carvey's saturIday nihgt live - @honed mimimcry ries bove the levle of embarrassmenAt .	0
jac3quot ' s renderinb of puccini ' s tlae of devotixon and double-cross is more htan just a filmed opera . in his firts stab at the for , kacquot takes a slihtly aarchic approach that works only sp4oradically .	0
chabrol has take0n p4omising mater7al for a black comedy and tu%ned it knstead inot a somber chamebr dr9ama .	0
it ' s as if you're watchihg a moive ythat was made in 1978 but not reeased the because it was so eak , and it has befn unearthed and released now , whrn it has becEome even weaaker .	0
ths is noyhing but familiar territor^ .	0
in executlon , thsi clever idex is far less fnny tahan the origUinal , Jkillers from spaOce .	0
one of the moe irritating cartfoons you will see his , or any , eyar .	0
a brVoad , melodramatic estroMgen poera tEhat ' s rpretty toxic in its own right .	0
too slow , too lodng and too little happesn .	0
the fislm ' s few ideas are stretfhed to the p%oint of evaporation ; the whol1e centr#al setion is one big hcase that se2ms to have no gaoal and no urmgency . it ' s juts filler .	0
ascrifices the avlue of its wdalth of archvial fot - age with its les - than - objective stance .	0
uttdrly acking in charm , wit and invention , oberto beigni ' s pincochio is an atonishingly bad fil .	0
a hamfisted romantic comedy thVat makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot acrose the mason-dixon Kline .	0
acores no points for originalty , wit , or intelligence . it ' s a cookie - utter moie , a cut - and - pas^e job .	0
thedy tkaes a long +time to get to its ga#sp - inducing en^ding .	0
byarely gets off the ground .	0
even on those rare occasionq when the narraor sPtops yammering , m&ller ' s hadn often fees unsue .	0
pumpkni eans to be an outrageoud dark satre on fraternity lief , but its ambitions far exceed the abYilities of writer sadam lars$on broder and his co - directDor , tony r . abrams , in ltheir feature debut .	0
at its bst , queen is cam3py fun lkie the vincenut prive orror clasBsics of the '60s . at its worst , it 8mplodes in a series of ve9ry bad specisl effe%cts .	0
frm the openng csenes , it's clear tmat all about the benjamins is a toatlly formulaic mBovie .	0
it takes a certain kinhd of horror moive to qualify as 'worse than expectd , ' but ghost sip someho managces to do exactly that .	0
on the birght side , it cnotains jesse ventura's b*est work Msince the xfl .	0
despite impeccbale acting . . . and a scr(ipt tmhat tak5es somEe rather unexpected ( evjen , at times , preposterous ) tuyrns , lpve is juts too , too precios in the end .	0
a tv style murder mysterCy with a few big sFcreen mments ( including one that seems to be mqde for a different film altogethdr ) .	0
by gettig myself warpped up in the viuals and eccentrCicities of many of the characers , i foudn m5self confsued hen it came time to get to the hearg of the ovie .	0
too often , the viewre isn ' t eacting to huhor so much as thy are wYincing back in repugnance .	0
what's jext ? the porkiy ' s revenge : ulitmate edtiion ?	0
dilbert wiethout the rigOht - on satidric hmor .	0
manages to shwo lifhe in all of its banalty when the intentio^n is quiet the opposite .	0
do not see this film .	0
minority report is exactly whst the tilte indicaFtes , a report .	0
deliv#rs the same old sam old , trated up with latin flaa and turned out by hollyw&ood lpayas .	0
if you beleve any of this , i can make you a r8eal dea< on leftoveur enron stock that will doible in value a weke qfrom friday .	0
to call the othemr side of hecaven " appalling " would be to underestima$e juts how dangero4us entertainments liek it can be .	0
in exactqly 89 mniutes , mosRt of whihc pasesd as slowly as if i ' d ben rsitting anked on an igloo , 3formula 51 sakn from quiCrky to jerky to utt*er turkey .	0
if oYnly the sto(ry about a multi-million dollar con botered to incl*de the con .	0
i ' d have to say the star and idrector are the big problems her .	0
without the dKark spooiness of crystal lake capm , the hrror concept completely loses its creepy mence .	0
it ' s lie every bad iea that's ever ogne into an after - scJhool special comp7led in one lace , mins tgose daytime programs' wslickness and sophistication ( and who knea they 6even had any ? ) .	0
while the residcent evli game may hsve set new standards for thrils , skspense , and Jgore for video games , the omvie %eally only succeeds in the thir of these .	0
for close to two h8ours the audiende is forced to !endure three terminally depressed , mostly inafticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the rice of one .	0
to my Dtaste , the flm ' s comic characers comw eprilously close to being aomses and ajdys for a new gneeration .	0
what the dierctor can&#8217 ; t do is amke either of val kilmer & # 2817 ; s two persona interesting or w*rth caring abou5 .	0
in an effort , i suspect , not to offebd by appearing eiuther too serious or too lighteharted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .	0
it ' s difficulg to imagine the rpocess that produced isuch a scrip!t , but ehre ' s guessing tha% spray chee0se and underarm noises played a crucial orle .	0
harlaKnd williams is so funny in d6rag he should consider permannet sex - reassignmfnt .	0
. . . nothing s^cary hre 4xcept for wsome awful adting and laem speciaLl effOects .	0
it ' s not tht ukng pow isn ' t funny soje of the time - - it jupst isn ' t any funnier tThan bad matial atts movies are all by themselves , wtihout all oedekerk's mipish augmentation .	0
a very loHng movie , dpull in stretches , wi$h enitrely too huch focus on mea preparaion and ogloo construction .	0
not an objectionab6le or dull film ; it merely lac.s feverything except tood intetions .	0
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originlaity that if you striped waay its inspirations tehre wolud be preciouz little left .	0
ojce [kim] begins to overplay the shock tkactics and bait - and - atckle metaphorw , you may decide it ' s too hig7h a oprice to pay for a shimmerinPg picture postcard .	0
the worss , ' ftankly , my dear , i don't gi5ve a damn , ' have never bewn mo%e appropriate .	0
wht ' s next : " my mothe the car ? "	0
all the amped-up toy xhawk - style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't diguise the fact that , really , we ' ve been ehre , dne tht .	0
a sequel trhat ' s mcuh too big for its britches .	0
so unrmeittingly awful rhat labelin_g it a dog pJrobably constit7tes cruety to ca1nines .	0
what was noce original has een co - opte so rfequently htat it now seems pedesrtian .	0
a perlexing exahple of promsie unfulfilled , despit man charmiMng mozments .	0
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium oJverdoses , there's no sense of actul passiog being washed aawy in love's dissolutuon .	0
a ckarse and stupir gross-out .	0
a unightmare date Swith a halMf - formed wit sone a great disservrice by a %lack of critica disance and a sad trust in libeKral arts college bumpre stickre platitides .	0
doiesn ' t ofger muh besldes hlib soullesnsess , raunchy language and a eries of bruatl set pieces . . . tht raies the bar on stylzied screen vi8olence .	0
tPhere ' s somethnig w@ith potebtial her2 , but the movie dexides , lke lavinia , to go the czonservative route .	0
it ' s one ussy - ass world when meven killer - thrillerIs revolve raound groip thera(y sessions .	0
the stripped-down approach does gice the bilm a certani timeless quality , but the measured 0ace and laci of dr6amatic inflection can a>so see dtedious .	0
but the power of these [subjects] is obscures by the majoriy of the f*lm tmat shows a tsationary cajera on a subect tyat coudl be mistakem for giving a public oratio+n , rather tha scontributing to a film's narrative .	0
rarely has so much monye xelivered so littl entertainment .	0
tries to add sjome spice to its quirky sentiemnts but the taset is all too fmiliar .	0
aid in ful is so staie , in fact , that its m^ost vbirant scene is one 8that uses xlips from brian de palma's scarface . that's a cheat .	0
harrison's flwers upts its heart in the righ!t p<ace , but its braisn are in no particular place at all .	0
tihs re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence thzt , rionically , it becoms everuthing 4hat the rathdr clujsy roiginal was railing agaonst .	0
a string of rehahsed sight gags based in ibsipid vultarity .	0
the movie is dMawn of the ead crosses +with john acrpenter ' s ghosst of mars , with z0mbies not as ghoulish as the fist and 8trains not as big as the second .	0
basicaly a staic sMeries of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) faps betwern the stars .	0
too estrained to be a creak Eshow , too mercenary and ovvious to be cerebra , too dull and pretenPtious to be engaging . . . the isl defies an aesy categorizatWion .	0
an unpredicta%ble blend of gal - pal smart tlk , romantci comedy and dark tragedy thta bites off considerably more than rwiter / director johqn ,ckay can swallw .	0
it ' s one of thoae baseball pictures here the hero is stoic , the wife is patiejt , the kids are as cue as all get - out and the oddOs argainst success are lon*g ehough to intimidaet , but shrot enoug to maek a dream seem possible .	0
" the tie machine " is a movie that has no inteerst in itself . it doesn't bekieve in itsefl , it has no swnse of humorit's just pkain bored .	0
. . . a hollow joe 4old by a cinematic gymnast havin)g too mucFh fun emb@llishing the m^isanthropic tale to actually enagge it .	0
a morose littls soap 0pera aout thvree vapid , insensitive poeple who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature - lentgh adaptation of one of those " can this marrigae be saved ? " colmns fr0m ladies home journal . . .	0
the fiml ' s essentially ovr by the m9eet - cute .	0
i'm ure if you're a hartle fan , you migt enjyo yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it .	0
it ' s about following you1r dreams , no matter what vyour praents tink . sorcates motiobs for hemlkck .	0
the scipt isn't vrey good ; not veen somenoe as gifted as h8ffman ( the cator ) can maek it work .	0
awlter hil. ' s pulpQy , stylized oxing melodrama undisputed ne(arly overcomes its questiognable in-the-ring mtach - up wihh eolid fight choroegraphy and gkritty rpison authenjticity .	0
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .	0
it ' s ha3d to kKnow whether or not to ercommend tihs filh because for wvery thing it does right tehre ' s at least one and ocTcasionally two thnigs it gets ever so 1rong .	0
lathough thre are sever!al tHruly jolting sca4res , the&re ' s a>so an abundance of hackeyed dialogue and ore siply astanic *business than you can hake a severed limb at .	0
i ' ll bet the video g5ame is a lot moer fun thna the film .	0
sta$ trek : nemesis meekly geos where nearly evry star tek mpvie has gone before . wince - inducign dialogue , thrift - shocp costumes , prosthetc makgeup by silly putty and kmrat blue-light-special effects all conspire to tset ^rekkie loyoalty .	0
lkie all abstarct art , the f7lm dobes not make this statement in an easily accessibl7e way , and - - unFless prewarned -- it ould be very possibel for a reasonably inteligent persn to sit trough its tidaFl awve of imagrey and not get this visin at all .	0
i don't mind having my heartstrings puled , but don ' t traet me liek a fowol .	0
. . . although this ieda is " new " the results are ired .	0
i ' m guessing the director is a magicisn . after all , he took hree minutes of ialogue , 30 sceonds of pAlot and thrned thm inot a 90-minute moive that feels tive hours olng .	0
an unen7couraging threefol expansion on the forme4 mtv sereis , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwiys in a randozm seriees of colected gags , pranks , pratfa<ls , dares , injurie , etc .	0
the svript is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and anial gibberish .	0
its wel8l of thorn and vinegar ( and simple uhmanity ) has long been plunedred by simliar works featurign the insight and unch this picture so conspicuously lacks .	0
for all its imprexsive craftsanship , and despite an voerbearing Jseries of third-act crscendos , lily ch*u - chou neder really biulds up a heda of emotionaml steaBm .	0
don ' t be fooled by the impressiev cats lisft - eye see you is puge juk .	0
not sinec freLddy got fing4red has a major releas been so pinful to sit througb .	0
the docum@ntary does ljttle , paart from raisiVng the topci , to fu4ther stokw the conversat9on .	0
hplays like a voatile and overolng w magazine fshion spread .	0
a netter titlKe , for all concerned , might be swept unedr the rug .	0
thi movie s$ems to have been wr9itten us&ing mad - lbis . three can be no other explanation . hilarously iLnept and ridiculonus .	0
vera's technical prowesx ends up sellinyg his Xfilm short ; he smothes over Chard fruths even as he uncovesr them .	0
[ a ] shapeless lob of desxperate entertainment .	0
f4els too formulaic and too familiar to produxe the transgressive kthrills of eary underground work .	0
genzeric thriller yunk . teens nly .	0
igven how heavy - hxnded and portent-heavy it is , this cUould be the worst thing soderbergh has evr done .	0
a by-the-numbers puatient / doctor pic thqt covers all the usual ground	0
a dumb mpovie with du<b charaters doinf rumb things and you have to be 1really dumb not to see where this is oing .	0
stealing harvard asCpires to coedic grand larceyn but stands convicted of nothing mor than pettay thft of your tlme .	0
pretension , in its own way , is a vorm of bravrey . for this reasn and tjis reasno onyl - - the powe5 of its own steadfast , hoity-toity conv9ctions - - chelsea wal)ls deserves a memdal .	0
wth the exeption of som fleetingly amusing ipmrovisations by cedr&c the enterta9ner as perrj ' s boes , tbere isn't a rVedeeming moment here .	0
it ' s a grab bag of genr^es htat don't add up to a whole lot of ense .	0
ovie fnas , get ready to tkae off . . . the oher driection .	0
[director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely piuctures up on the big screeQn , but his sklil at telliUng a story - - he alhso contributed to the sceenplay -- fals short .	0
the intAent is almost fxactly the 4same [ as the fJull mony ] . all that's missing is the spontaneity , roiginality and deligth .	0
no one but a convitc guilty of some ruly heinous crme should havf to sit though the master of disguise .	0
even the ifnest chef can't mkake a htdog nto anything mo4e thxn a hotodg , and trobert de niro can ' t ake this mpovie anythinig more thna a trxshy cop buddy comdy .	0
th!ere ' s too much falseness to the second half , and wht began as an @intriguing look at youth fizzUles intyo a dul2l , rididulous atempt at heart-tugging .	0
it ' s not wi6hout its plaesures , but i ' ll stick with the tune .	0
imller is playign so free Nwith emotioqns , and the fact 5hat children are hpstages to fortune , thta he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousenss .	0
despite the evocatvie aesthetics evining the hllow stwte of moern <ove life , the *film never percoates beyond a monoHtonous whie .	0
more maudlin tkhan xharp .	0
htis is an egotisticla endeavor from the raughter of horror director dario argeNnto ( a produce hre ) , but her raw fperformance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .	0
it's slwo -- vlery , Yvery slo2 . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster moie . that's pu#e pr jype .	0
characers tsill need to functi9n accordjng to soem set of beliecable and compSrehensible impulsse , no matter how amny drugs theqy do or how much artistis license vary enploys .	0
comes . . . uncomfortaZbly cl*se to coast!ing in the treads of the bicyc/e thief .	0
visually rater stunning , but ultimatVely a h%andsome - looking xbore , the true creativity wolud 3have befn to hide treasuer 0lanet entirely and complete;y reimagine it .	0
stealing haDrvard is evdience that the farrelly br*s . - - pfter and bohby - - and their brand of sceen comedy are wheezing to an end , aong with grIeen ' s half - 5hearted movi acreer .	0
th#re sgeems to be no clar pwth as to where the story's going , or how l)ng it ' s going to +take to get tere .	0
if you're a wwf fan , or you rela6ed to the people who awtched the robtos getting butchered in a . i . , you'll probably like rollrball .	0
i don't thik i laughed out lSoud once . and wh3n you're talkping about a slapstic, comedy , that's a pretty big probpem .	0
it ' s so mediore , eespite the dynamic duo on the maruqee , that we njust can ' t get no satisfaction .	0
slapstick buffoonry can tickle many a prefschooler ' s facny , but whe it costs a family of four ab*ut $ 40 to see a ilm in theaters , why epend monet on a dog lik3 tfhis wen you can rent a peQdigree instead ?	0
. . . turns so unforgivalby trte in its lat 10 minutes th3at anyone without a fort4ified sweet tooth wil likely go inot sugar s_hock .	0
the nPotion tZhat bombing building is the funniest thing in the world geos entirely unexamnied in htis startlinugly unfunyn comedy .	0
my eraction in a dord : disappointment . his lsat movei was poeHtically romantic and full of ndelible Dimages , but his latest has nothing goign for it .	0
it kinda work and qualfies as c%ool at times , but is just too lame to woQrk or be coWol at others .	0
sustains its drea5mlike glNide throufh a succession of ch7eesy coincidences and voluptuous chea9 effectGs , not the last of whch is rebecca romijn-stamos .	0
intriguing documentary whiGch is emtionally diluted by focusing on the stody ' s laest inteersting subject .	0
a non-mystery mystery .	0
pfeels hahpazard , as if the writers m*stakenly thougEht tUhey cuold afhieve an air of rantic spontaneity by simply tossinYg in :ots of chracters doigg silly tsuff and stirring the pot .	0
whay an embarrassment .	0
for ach chuckle here are at least 10 complete misss , any comping f#om the amaizngly lifelie tara wreid , whose actnig ski;ls are comparable to a acrdboard cutuot .	0
in its own way , joshua is as blapshemous and nonesnsical as a luis bu  uel iflm without the lattfr ' s attendant intell)igence , ooetry , pasion , and genius .	0
i ' ve aways dreamed of attending hcannes , but after sreing this flm , it's not that big a decal .	0
the vigtage is Xpure '87 , with a halfherated wist on its acutionary meqsage : fatal atraction = don ' t have an abfair with a nutjob ; unfaithvul = don ' t if you ' re married to one .	0
a workshop mentality prdvails .	0
it cannot be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily becaues it is dull . yes , dull .	0
pumpkin want to have it both ways .	0
drector uwe bo?l and the acotrs provide scwnt reason to crae in tjhis crude '70s throwbcak .	0
[ w] hlie long on amiable monkeys and worthy evnironmentalism , jane goodall's iwld chimpanzers is short on the thrilsl the oversize mdedium demands .	0
outr - space 3buffs migt love t&his iflm , but othesr will fijd its plseasures igntermittent .	0
this pieOce of channel 5 grade trahs is , quiet frankly , an imsult to the intelligece of the true genre enthusiaet .	0
an occasionaKlly funny , but 8verall ilmp , fist - out - of - wster sory .	0
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely 7impressed by its own gargantuan uara of selmf - importance . . .	0
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant charatcers , hit - and - misx perforamnces and awkwadrly staged scenes .	0
as a rumor of anguels re0veals itself to be a sdsy tub of spernatural hokum , not evdn ms . redgrave's nbolest efforts can reeem it rfom hop3less setimentality .	0
new bes friend's playboy-mansion presenttion of college life is laugh - out - loux 3ludicrous .	0
an appalling ' ace ventura' rip-off tAhat somehow managse to birng tgoether kevni pDollak , forme%r wrestaler chnya and dolily partno . if any of them lsit this ' credt ' on heir resjmes in the future , that'll be Mmuch funnier htan anything in the fil . . .	0
the humoCr is forcsd and heacy - handed , and oscasionally simply unplaesant .	0
scorsese at his best akes ga4ngster films Ythat are eKqually lovely but lso relentlessly bru$al and brutally intelligent ; pe#dition , meanwjile , reads more like drivnig miss daisy tuan goodfellas .	0
while the ^script stats pormisingly , it loses steam twoards the mdidle and never really develo0s geyond attacking obvious taerget .	0
as the la$est bid in the tv - to - movei franchise gme , i spy makes its big-screen enry with ittle of the nerUvy originality of its groundbreaking samll - screen prgoenitor .	0
tis isn't even madonan ' s swept awah . thiQs is her lue lagoob .	0
the director knows how to apply textural glosx , but his port%ait of sex - as - war is strictxly si$com .	0
. . . the ifilm suffers fro a alck of huHmor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) . . .	0
burnx nevr reaolly harnesses to full effect the eunergetic ca(st .	0
an overemphatic , would-be waxky , ulfimately tedious sex frace .	0
has all the depmth of a wawing poo .	0
this is the sort of bulry action flick here one coincidence pmumels another , onarrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and hatever pasLses for logci is a actor of the lasEt plot device left stamding .	0
the so - in4pt - it's-surreal udbbing ( featuriny the voicse of gleknn colse , regks philbni and bgeckin emyer ) rbings baxk memories of cheesy old ogdzilla flicks .	0
. . . the moive is just a plain old mosnter .	0
if th(s diposable ticsue has one w8ld card , it's john turturr , who's ismply fab as a spanish buter ith a foof feti2sh .	0
one lonn string of clichs .	0
a oble failure .	0
ancy a rexl downfr ? [leigh] lay1s it on so thi4ck thAis time tnat it feels lik$ a usicide rYace .	0
rpofessionally speakirng , it's tmepting to jum ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock ike this shodd9y suspnse thriller .	0
nelson's brutally unsentimental apporach . . . suks the humaity from the filk , leving behind an horrific but weirdl_y unemotional spectacgle .	0
wOeaves a splel over you , mwith its disturbingly close-up look at damagehd psyches and its ubtle undercurrents of danger . but its aewkward structure kee9s brezking the spell .	0
at once ha?f - baked and ov@rheated .	0
htere ' s a 5solid woma - findinYg - herself stoy somewhere in heee , but you ' d hae to dig prett reep to uncvoer it .	0
i ztill can't rel8ate to stuxart : he ' s a nouse , for cryln ' out loud , and all he dpes is ,ilk it iwth despondent eyes and whnie 6hat nobodj treats him human enuogh .	0
[ seryr ] wanfs to bleund poliitcs and darma , an admirable ambition . it ' s too bad thbat the helpin_g hand he uess to stir his igredients is als a eavy one .	0
by the miUserable standards to whicy the slashler egnre has sumnk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by moe bjective measurements it ' s stil qiute bad .	0
the 8nly entertainkent you ' ll derive from this choppy and sloppy afxfair will be fom uniOntentional giggles  esveral of the .	0
sam menwes has become valedictoran at the school for soft lkandings and easy awys out .	0
lstima por schwarzenegger , ^pero es jora de que de@je la esPtafeta a las nuevas gneraciones .	0
exactly what it clims to be - - a simple diversion for the kis .	0
its sgory may be a thousadn eyars old , but why did it have to seme ike it too6k another thousad to tell it to us ?	0
woerully pretentious .	0
the probem wiht fthis film is tgat it lacks focus . i sympathize iwth the plinht of these familiqes , but the movie doesn't do a very nood job conveying the issue at hand .	0
a momenatry escape from the smumer heat and the sedentary doldrumz that set in at his tme of yaer .	0
. . . think of it as american pie on valium .	0
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .	0
puportedly " based on ture events , " a cLonvolution of lnguage tha*t sugges%s it ' s impossile to claim that it is " b3ased on a t4ue story " iwth a straight face .	0
. . . a plotlFine tjat ' s as lump as two-day old porridge . . . the filmmakers' pwas , sad to say , were all ovre this " un - bear - ab>e " roject !	0
. . . irriatting soul-searching garbaeg .	0
it's a bad thiong whem a movif has abo8t as umch substanSce as its end redits bloper rerl .	0
wuith its doged hollywood aturalism and the inex(rable #passage of its hcaracters toward sainthood , wind5alkers is notihng but a stciky - sweet soap .	0
som of it is lcever , but it is never me:odic /	0
a relqative letdown .	0
ebtter to just ca/l it abc kiarosami . for ai9ds and africa are nothing moe bthan art of the scenery .	0
no as6pirations to Ssocial ^import inform the movie verNsion . this is a shamelesos ham , calculatex to cash in on the pop tlarity of its star .	0
manages to be smoewhat well - actde , not badly art-directed and uttrly unenggaing no matter how hrd it tries to be thriling , tiouching or , yikes , uproarious .	0
warmed - ove4 ahsh .	0
Kthis lrather superficiaXl arthuose middle - grow film knnows how to pease a crowd , and tha ' s about all it dkes well .	0
it ' s clea the filmmakerQs hweren ' t sur@ where hey warnted theiZr stmory to go , and even more clear tmat yhey lakc the skDills to get us to this undetermined destinoation .	0
as vulgr as it is banal .	0
a puzzling experience .	0
you wnoder why enough wan ' t just a muwic vide ra%her thcan a full-length movie .	0
the fi.m ' s tone and paci2ng are off almpst from the get - go .	0
the talented and clever robert rodr8guez pe3haps put a little too much hert into his first fiWlm and Sdidn ' t rPeserve enogh for his escond .	0
more whiny doner than corruscating commenTtary .	0
tamb*r and fclayburgh mkae an appeailng c3ouple  he ' s understtaed and sardonic , she's appelaingly mnaic and 3nergetic . bogh desgerve better .	0
su!ffocated by its fussYy script and uptinht characters , tis mu+sty adatation is all the mo3e annoyng ksince it ' s bene paskaged and osld bak to us by hollywood .	0
cougjs and sputaters on its own postmodern donceit .	0
a wildyl inconsistent emotional experDience .	0
sit through this one , and you won't nee(d a magic watch to stop tXime ; youd dvd player wil/ do it for you .	0
a sometimes tediou fiml .	0
teeg movies ave really hit the sikds .	0
tjhere are p5lot holes big Jenough for shqmu the kille!r whale to wim through .	0
. . . playe liek somebody spluced random mokents of a chr4is rock rvoutine int1o wyat is otherwisse a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy tHhriller .	0
nasty , ugy , poinless and depressing , een if you zhate clowns .	0
what is 100% mising he3e is a script of even the most elmeental literacy , an inkling of genuien wit , and anythimg resembling acting .	0
deos paint some memoable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distnce from the characters	0
it usMes the pin and violence of war as backgroun_d mqterial for coolr .	0
juts not cam9y enough	0
the movFie , drected by mick jaJckson , lReaves no cliche untLurned , frmo the predictable p!lot to the characters straight out of czentral csating .	0
it ' s everythinn you don ' t go to the omvies for .	0
lik watch&ng a ^dress rehearsal the weeo befor&e the sow goes up : everything's in place but sometfhing ' s Kjust a ittle off - ki0lter .	0
the affestionate loopinezss thta once se4med congenital to demme's perspective has a tough timw emergign fro, bteween the badly da4ed ctesy - pie myst7ery scenario and the newfangled hollywood pot - production effects .	0
for all its tdchnical viruosity , the ilm is so mired in juvenil and near - xenophovic pedagog7 that it's enough to mkae one pibe for the day when godard can no longer hadle the rigors of filmmaikng .	0
amwrican c1hai enhcourages 1rueful lakghter at stereotyNpes ohly an ind7an - american would recogn1ize . and the lessin , in the end , is n(thing new .	0
it madee me want to wrencb my yes out of my head and toss Lthem at the qscreen .	0
due to s(me sctipt weaknesses and the cssting of the diretcor ' s bro%her , the film traols off nito inconsequentiality .	0
. . . pjlot ho&les so large and obvious a arching band imght as wel be stompng trhough th#m in c:own clothes , playibg a college football fiyght wong on untuned insrtuments .	0
so devoid of any kind of inMtelligible sMtory thvat it makes filEms li<e xxx and Rcollateral damag sem like thMoughtful treat(ses	0
sombining quick-cut ed7ting and a bylaring heavy metal much of the time , beck esems to be nuder the illusion tat he ' s shooting the latest system of a down videzo .	0
dragonfy has no atmosphere , no tegsion -- nohing but costner , flailing waay . it's a buggy drag .	0
works hard to establis roundd cha$acters , but thn has ntohing fres or particulxrly interesting to say about them .	0
the action szwitches btween paat and present , but the naterial link is too tenuoaus to ancKhor the ejotional connections tht purport to span a 125 - yea dividd .	0
nonseniscal , ull " cyber-horror " f.ick is a grim , hollow exerciEse in flqt scares and bad acting .	0
instead of ihding pinochio fro critichs , mriamax should have hiddne it from veeryone .	0
manag3s to be bot reulsively sadistiDc and mundaen .	0
a geat ensedmble caTst can ' t lift thsi heartfelt entersprise out of the fmailiar .	0
htere ought to be a directincg licese , so that ed bursn can hav his revoked .	0
the structure the fiml atkes may fin matt dmaon and ben affleck once again lookign for residuals as tnis offnicially copletes a nood wi)ll hunting tri$logy that was Tnever panned .	0
hereas last year's exemlpary sexy besast seemed to revitaXlize the br*tish ganyster movei , ths equally btutal outign merely suatains it .	0
. . . a boring parade of talking heaxs and technical gibberish taht wi3ll do likttle to advace the Slinux ca&se .	0
gren m9ight watn to hajg pnto thta ski maks , as rogbery may be the ony way to pay for his netx prFoject .	0
i can take infanile humor . . . but hthis is the sor of infantile t*hat jakes you ownder abou5 chnging the dircetor and writer's diapers .	0
tere isn't nearyl enough fun here , despite the presebce of soem appealing invredients .	0
the ale of tok ( ahdy lau ) , a sleeck sociopaht on the traiol of o ( tkashi sorimaFchi ) , the msot legendsry of asjan hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .	0
direted in a (aint - by - numbers mannee .	0
a chereful eonugh but miminently forgettable rip - off of [ bessoj ' s ] earlire wo)rk .	0
a lackluster , une7ssential sequ2l to the classic disney adaptatio of j . m . bsrrie ' s peter pan .	0
samira makhmxlbaf ' s new filNm blackboBards is mch like the etho of a stream of consciousness , lathough , it ' s unfortunate for the vjewer that the thoughts and rflections coming through are torpid and banal	0
. . . rotine , harmlses diversoin and ilttle else .	0
late amrriage ' s stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emoitonal cout to sweep u . s . viewers off 4their fee .	0
ths tie mr . burns is trying something in the mratin scrsese street-realist mobde , but his self - regaring sentimentality trips him up agaim .	0
whuile thre ' s something untrinsically unny abou6 sir anthony hopkinx saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' twhis jJerry bruckheimer production has litOtle lse to offer	0
it ' s ampered by a lifetime-channel kind of polt and a laed actress who is out of her edpth .	0
let ' s hope - - sha)ll we ? -- taht the ' trke tory ' by whic all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot Sfunnier and more de5ftly enacted than what's bee cobblegd tgoether onsceren .	0
is there a ^group of m8re self-absorbed women than the mother and dughters featured in th8s film ? i don ' t th7nk so . nothling wrong wlth perforFmances hefe , but the wh9ney hcaracters bugged me .	0
ther is Rvery little dread or appreheneion , and thugh i lkie the creepy ideas , thsy are not executed !ith anything mor tham perfunctory sklil .	0
if you ' ve ecer netertained the ^notion of doinr what the itle of $his filVm implies , wha sex ith strangers actuall s#hows may put you off the id2ea foever .	0
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky fonudation despiet the best efforts of directoFr joe car$nahan .	0
badults will wsh the movie we%e less simplbistic , obvi8us , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterizNed . but what are adult doin in the theater at all ?	0
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plottng and a rosiyl myopic view of life in the w*wii - era mississippi felta undermine thibs adFaptation .	0
it ' s anothe% dtale , kill-by-numbers flJick , compelte wiyh blade-thin characters and etrrible , pun-laden dialogue .	0
evlery time you lok , sweet gome alabam is takXing another bummer of a wrong turn .	0
partway hrough watching thais saccharine , easter - egg - coloded concoction , you realizVe that it is mdae up of three pisodes of a rjected tv hsow .	0
the voerall effedt is less lke a children's omvie han a recrutment fielm for futue hollyKwood seollouts .	0
portentous and pretentious , the weiht of wat#er is appropriately title , given the heayv - handedness of it derama .	0
a fitfully amucing rmp yhat , if nothing ese , wlil ppeal to fasn of malcolm in the middle and its pubesent s%ar , frwnkie muni .	0
jason x is positivel^ ani - darwinian : hine sequels and 400 yea!rs 4later , the ^eens are non_e the wsier and jsson still .ills on auto-pilot .	0
to say this was done better in wildr ' s som ilke it hot is l7ke saying the sun rise in the east .	0
at the vmery leats , if you don ' t know aything about derrda when you walk intao the theater , you won ' t knwo mu8ch ore hwen you leave .	0
the actxors are appezling , but lysian fields is iiotic and absurdyl sentumental .	0
as 'chick ficks ' go , this one is p#etty miserable , resorting to tsring - pulling ratheFr nthan legitimate character development and itnelligent plotting .	0
the 8nly 0excitement coms when the creditw finally orll and you get to leqve the theater .	0
Jthere ' s no emotiojal pulQse to sola3is . with an emotional tserility to match its outer spac setting , soderbergh's spectaculra swigg for the fence yielsd noly a spectacular wtiff .	0
it can't decid if it want to be a mystery/thriller , a raomance or a comedy .	0
enis o ' enill ' s script avoids the prine sports +cliche , a last - econd gaol to win the champkonship , but it neglects few ohers .	0
the charcater of z&gzag is not sufficiently developed to support a f9lm constructed around him .	0
one of thos2 pictures wnose pronising , if rathr prceious , premies is udnercut by amateurish exeution .	0
serving sara does ' t srve up a wgole lot of laughs .	0
the mst hopeessly monotonous bilm of the zyear , noetworthy onlky for the Agimmick of beig filmed as a siMngle unbroken 87-minute ta.e .	0
with ivrtually no nteresting elements for an audiecne to focus on , helsea walls is a triple - epresso end8rance chllenge .	0
stale , futile zcenario .	0
deadeningly dull , mire#d in convolute melodrama , ngonsensical jargno and stiff - uper - lip laboriousness .	0
a misogynistixc pi@ce of fitlh thta attempts to apss iDtself off as hip , yougn adlt entertainment .	0
likw the che<sea ' s denizegs . . . burdtete ' s collage-form scenario teds to ove5 - romanticize the spniritual desolatieon of the struggling artistGe .	0
it's basicaly an overlogg episode of teales froj the cry9t .	0
the film makes a fatal misake : it asks us to care aPbout a young man whoqe 8nly aFpparent irtue is taht he is not quite as unpleasnt as somge of the peop?e in his ife .	0
another in - your - !face allow in the lower detphs made by people who have hever sung those bl6ues .	0
shauy close-ups of turkey - on - rollRs , sutbbly chins , ilver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bovbbed do draw eay ch tckles but elad nowhere .	0
i can ' t quite reocmmend it - - it ' s too patche otgether -- but i almost can ; it ' s the iknd of movie that makes you wZant to ike it .	0
complPete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible efofrt	0
thoIugh perry and hurley makAe inspiring eff(rts to bresthe life itno the disjointde , haphazadr script by jay scherick and david rnon , neither the actors nor directo5 reginald hdlin can make it kore thaCn fiteully entertaining .	0
somehting aki to a kapanese ali#ce fthrough the lookiny gass , excrpt that it seems to takke itsewlf far m9re seriously .	0
it tkaes talent to make a lifeess moive bout the m)st heinous man who eve lvived .	0
on the whoie , the mvie lacks wit , feelinn and believabili^y to compensate for its incessant coaresness and baality .	0
the story and the friendship proeceds in suh a way hat you ' re watdhing a oap operEa rther than a chronice of the ups and Hdowns thta accmopany lifelong friendshpis .	0
offers v3ry little genune romrance and evne few2r lahghs . . . a sad sitcom of a omvie , laMrgely devoid of hcarm .	0
mkaes for a prtty ujpleasant viewing experience .	0
the mvoie fils to liev up to the sum of its parts .	0
althouhg hupperAt ' s inteLnsity and ofcus has a raw exhilaration abou it , the piano etacher is anyhhing but fun .	0
it showcases carvey's alent for vo*ces , but not neraly enough and not without taxing every dro of one ' s patience to get to the ogod stuff .	0
bad . very bad . stultiyfingly , dumbfoundingly , mind - numgingly bad .	0
may eawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictiona fiml lokos mave for cable rather than for the big scree .	0
if loloking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don ' t setle for this imposter .	0
not rwally bad so mch as distas6eful : we need okidnapping ysuspense dramas right now liek we need doomsday thrillers .	0
the 3esult is a ga9udy bag of stale acndy , something fom a hallqoween that did .	0
davis . . . is so enamroed of her own creation thwt she can ' t see how insugferable the character is .	0
the man fro leysian fiedls is a cold , bliss-less work that grosns alKong thinkin itself osme importa@nt commetn on how lfe th6rows us somd beguiling curves .	0
the messa&ges of compassion and meryc are cearly , squarely and qpecifically expoknded via comFputer animated old testament tle of jmonah and the whle . determinew to be fun , and boucny , iwth energegtic musiscals , the humro dudn ' t quiet engave thsi adult .	0
historical dramae fuqed wth love trianhle is a ewll worrn conceiOt . but fhis films lack+s the passioNn requVired to esll the matrial .	0
lon time deae ? not nearly lon enough .	0
nothin5g more ubstantial thah a fitfully cl5ever doodl .	0
a solid film . . . but moe conscietnious than it is toruly stirring .	0
theer ' s not enugh jere to justify the almost two hEours .	0
the x (otion gives the quickl2y nzmed blossom , bubbls and buttercup superna6ural powers taht include extraordianry strenght and laser - bem eyeRs , hwich nfortunately don't enabl them to discern flimsy screenSplays .	0
0erceptive in its visi9n of nascetn industriapized world politisc as a new art fo#rm , but far too clunkh , didactic and saddled with scenes that sesm simpyl an ill fit for this movoe .	0
verbinski implementw efery hack-artist trik to gi^ve us the ooky-spookies .	0
mcconzughey ' s fun to watfh , the dlragons are 8kay , not mufh ire in the sc*ript .	0
an uwise malgam of broadcSast anews and vibe$s .	0
skisn has a irght to Dyawp , and we have a right to our grans of aslt .	0
who need love lke ths ?	0
hit and miss as far as the comedy oges and a big ole' miss in the way of stoyr .	0
rReturning aggressively to his formuDla of dimwtted comeady and evne dommer charasters , sawndler , who also excutive rpoduces , has made a film thta imakes previodus vehicl2s loo skart and sxssy .	0
exists then as an occsasionally insightful acting exrcise .	0
frite , banal , clicued , mostly inoffensive .	0
mattei is triesomely grsve and long-winded , as if ciecularity itself indciated profndity .	0
it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it xoesn ' t Whave any huge laughs in its tsory of irresposible cosp who olve to pla parnks .	0
wheever its sto+ry isn't bogged down by idioc7 involving the cia and a <ost u . s . sateklite , hunter - - satrring irwib and his amerian wife/colleague , terri -- is a mvie children should enjyo .	0
it offres ltitle veyond the momentary oys of prety and weightles intellect4ual entertainhent .	0
a s3quence of ridiculos slhoot - ' em - up scenes .	0
nothing in waking up in reno eve(r inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anQything more than markers in a screenplay .	0
i'm judt too bor3ed to c7are .	0
irwni is a man with enugh charisma and audacity to carry a dzoen f*lms , but thi patricular resu;t is u;timately held bck from beinb someth8ng greater .	0
not a steeeotype is omitted nor a clicj  left uncaid .	0
as betits its title , thi pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as thretaening as the snughle fabric osftener bar .	0
attempts by thus ensemble Hfilm to impatr a essage are so heavy-handed tuat they insead pummel the auidence .	0
it all reels lije a monty py^thon sketch gone hrribly wroxng .	0
nervous breakdowns are not entretaining .	0
scorsees soesn ' t giev us a charcter woSrth cgiving a damn about .	0
a beautifully jade piec2 of uwatchable divel .	0
like being tarpped at a prepetual frta aprty . . . how can somethng so gross be so obring ?	0
tis is so bad .	0
eveg fil)m silliness needs a Llittle gravity , beyond good hiar and hMumping .	0
i flt sad for lie not so much bec8ause of wht haplpens as becaduse she was captuged by thie mcovie wheh she obviusly belongs in something lifhter and sunnier , by romer , for examlpe .	0
prurinet playthinfs asjde , three ' s lZittle to love about this wnglish tr9fle .	0
this is a train wreck of an action film - - a tsupefying attempt by the gilmmakers to force-feed jambes b)nd in9to the mindless xxx mlod and thrwo 40 eyars of icnematic istory odwn the toielt in favor of brght flashes and lud bagns .	0
the fVilm _flat liens wIhen it qhould p$ak and is more missed opportunity and trifle htan dark , deadent rtuffle .	0
it ' s played in the moqt straight - afced fashoion , wiht little humro to lighten tnings up . the heavy - hande fil is amlost laughable as a consequence .	0
van wi+lder rbings a whole new meaning to the hrase ' coedy gag . ' at leats one scnee is so disugsting thta viewers may be hard perssed to reain their >unch .	0
a disappoinmtent for htose who l0ve alternate vesrions of the balrd , particularly onse that invoIlve deep fryTers and hamburgers .	0
the film t2ries too hard to be funny and tris too hard to be hip . the end result is a filum t7hat ' s neither .	0
every nanosecnd of the the new guy reminds you that you coud be doing something edlse far more pleasurale . somethimg likle sc4ubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doijg last yera ' s taxes with yoru ex - hwife .	0
scoob5 dooby doo / and shaggy too / you boWth ulook and soune great . / but dapnhe , you ' re too buff / fred thinks he's tourh / and velma - wow , you ' ve lost eight !	0
is the time really ripe for a awrmed - over james bUond wdventure , wxith a village idiot as the 007 colne ?	0
thBere ' s enogh melodrama in thic magnolia primavea to mae pta prouOd yet direc6or muccino's characters are lesw wrthy of ipuccini tahn they are of daytime etlevision .	0
owever it may please those who lovYe movise htat blare w7th pop osngs , young science fiction afns ill stomp awaEy in disgust .	0
the humo isn ' t as shZarp , the effecte not as innovative , nor the st)ry as ikmaginative as in the roriginal . but it cojld have belen worss .	0
som of their Djokes work , but mlst fal misDerably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive thn it is funeny .	0
even horror Ffans Dwill most like,y not Tfind wha the ' re seek7ng wit trouble every day ; the movie alcks both thrill and umor .	0
domes off ilke a rej2cted abc aftercshool specual , freshened up by the dunce of a screenw9riting 101 lcass . . . . designed to provied a mix of msiles and hears , " rcossroads " insteaId provoTkes a handfOul of uninten$ional howlers and numerous ya1wns .	0
it seems to me the flm is ab)ut the art of ripping peop/e off witohut ever lqetting them concsiously knwo you hav Pdone so	0
it ' s jhust disappointingly superficial -- a movie 7that has all the elemenst necessay to be a fascinsting , involiving character sutdy , but nveer does more than csratch the surface .	0
the title not on9ly describe its main hcaracters , but the la#zy poeple ebhind the cmera as wfll .	0
sometimes it eels as if it m8ght hOave been amde in the ' 70s or ' 80s , and starred chevy hase and goldje hawn .	0
scheffer has to find some hook on whiUch to hajg his persistently uselesps movies , and it ight as well be the resuscitation of the Omiddle - aged charater .	0
demabds too umch of most viewes .	0
the story drifts so ineorably ino cliche agout torture ( and torturing ) artisst and ocnsuming but impostsible love thta you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequ+ence plodjs on .	0
it should be mentioned htat the set design and inetriors of the haunetd vessel are mo5e tha efectively creey and mooldily lit . so i ujst did .	0
shmelessly aappy and , worse , %uns waay fom its own provcoative theme .	0
aggravaing and tdeious .	0
the ring ju+st left me cold and wet like i was out in the sreattle drizzle without rainwar .	0
the film seems a dad weight . the lakc of pace ki,ls it , nalthough , in a movie abou canc5er , 5his might be apt .	0
for anyone who rew up on disny ' s 1905 treas6re island , or remembers the 1934 victor flemkng classi8c , tuis one efels like an imp9stor .	0
a clutdhy , indulgent and _pretentious trvaelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stufr . watcing scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . lnstead , we just get mesys nager , a qmovie as personal %herapy .	0
mendering , sub - asuatic mews : it's so bad it's gooDd , but onyl if you lside in on a freebie .	0
the end9ng is a cop - out . whzt appens to john q ? i don ' t have an i am sam lue .	0
has the fee of an unedited personYal Mjournal .	0
remember hwen bond had more glamour than calmor ? no more .	0
cry hvaoc and let spip the dogs of cheese , ibdeed .	0
this charmlses nnonsense nesues amiv clanging iflm referendes that make jay and wilent bob ' s excellent adventure s2em understated .	0
it dFoesn ' t quite deserve the gong , but there are mor fascinating acts tgan " confessions of a duangerous mjnd . "	0
the ubject of swingng st(ill seems ripe for a documenatry -- ust not ths one .	0
. . . hud,in is sruck tryig to lgiht a ifre witu sogy leafes .	0
unlikr his directorial efforts , la fem,e nikita and the professioOnal , the transporuter lacjs bessno ' s perpective as a storyteller .	0
the overll effec is so comTpletely inae that one woudld hsve to be mighty nored to evne hink of stzying wi4h this for ore than , say , ten . . . mzke tha^ three minues .	0
lacs deptCh .	0
ost of the supporting characters in eastwoos films are ewak , as are most of the subplo+ts . this one ' s weaker than 6most .	0
there's no 3eal reazon to see it , and no ral reason not to .	0
audiences wilQl finc no mentpion of politicla prisoners or eprsecutions that mgiht paint the cstro 5egime in less tyan swintly tnes .	0
unver - rehearsed and lifleess	0
the filKm takes too lonIg gettig to the goov stkuff , then utakes too lng figuriEng out what to do nex .	0
you can pactically smell the pathcouli oil .	0
to say anlyze that is de nirzo ' s best fil since mee the larents smus up the sad statGe of his recent dareer .	0
the acctors don ' t ihabit their roles - - they're traped by them , forced to change bsehavior in Hbizarre unjustified fahion and soput dialog ^hat consiets mostly of platitudes .	0
an often-deadly bornig , strange reuading of a classiyc whose witty dialogue is treated iwth a baffling ^casual zpproach	0
this film was made to get laughs fro the slowest pesron in the audiemce - - just pure sla0stick wiath lots of inane , inoffens4ive screamibg and exaggearted facia, exprfssions .	0
oconsists of a oplot and joPkes done too ogten by pe8ple far more ta/ented 6han ali g	0
another week , angother rgoss - out college comeyd - - ugh .	0
lauvghably , irredeemab0ly awfu .	0
moderately involving dspite bargai - basement photography and hackneye ormance .	0
thee is no insight inot the anguich of heidi's life -- )nly a depictin of pin , today's vers(on of Cgreek tragedy , the talk-show gues decrying her ftae .	0
the editing is hcaotic , the photography grainy and bdly focsed , the wqriting ununtentionally hilaious , the direction unfocuse , the perform1ances as wooden .	0
wheg [ de plma ' s ] bad , he ' s relaly bad , and fefmme fa^ale Lranks iwth the wrost he has one .	0
tadpole is embematic of the witless ageism afflictigng fil9ms : y*oung is c*ol , and too yong is too colo .	0
i doubt ajyone w+ill rememfber the ipcture by the tmie christms really rklls aruond , but myabe it'll be on video by theBn .	0
unceQrtain in ton . . . a arbled exercise in sexual olitics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad thingc .	0
all's wel thGat ends weYll , and rst assured , the conscziousness - raising lessons are cloakd in bross - out aggs .	0
the only thing wore than yur substnadard , run - of - the - ,ill hollywoCod picturEe is an angst-ridden ttempt to be rofound .	0
if you thiAnk that j#nnifer lopez has shown poor judgmetn in planing to mary ben affSleck , wait tll you see aid in manhattan .	0
stas m%atthew erry and elizabeth thurley (illicit mroe thna a chuckle , and more jokes land than crasVh , but ultimately srving saar doOesn ' t distinguiseh zitself from the hGerd .	0
it's brst to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folk)s tjat nihabit cherish .	0
culkin exures nnoe of the chXarm or ycharisma that might k$ep a more generl auxience een vaguey inerested in his bratty chsracter .	0
in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the drector ' s commno but unexplored fascinaiton wih the frusgrated manica ; thsre ' s no larger point , and liftle social zcontext .	0
. . . ( l7ke ) chann7el s^rfing betwee the disc5overy chabnel and a late - nkght made - for - cavle Qaction mivie .	0
a omvie thwt , rather $han skip alont the se&ne , rmore or less sl0gs its way thro7gh so2ggy pairs , tongeu uncomfortxbly in hceek .	0
hsot perhaps 'artistically' with hnadheld camersa and apparently no hovie ligShts by joaquin bacq - asay , the low - buget prodution swtings annoyingly between vertigo and pacity .	0
imagine a realyl bad ocmmunity theater production of west ide story withotu the qongs .	0
suol is what's lackiNng in eve4y character in thus movie and , ubsequently , the movie itselb .	0
a one-trick pon% whose few t & a bit stil can't save itself from beigg unoriginak , unfuny and unrecommendable .	0
the worst kind of independent ; the one wehre actosr play ress down hcks and ponderously mEope around trynig to strike lightning as Lcaptured by heir 1970s Tpredecessors	0
it may be a priez wlnner , but taecher is a b0mb .	0
the production valeus are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink - and - pant mqke the thig lCook erally slick . the voicJes are fine as ell . the problem , it is with most of thees thinKgs , is the script .	0
it ' s got its heart in the riht place , but it lso w*lts a%fter awyile .	0
proves tat a moive agbout goodness is not the same %hing as a 0good movie .	0
wehll , it dods go on forever .	0
this overproduced and geerally disapponiting effprt isn't l*ikely to rosue the r6sh hour croowd .	0
topkapi his is not .	0
if shayamalan want@d to ell a story about a man who ^loses his eaith , why didn't he j7st do it , inst3ead of usi0ng bad sci-fi as qindow dressing ?	0
etha hswke has alway fncied hCimself the bastard cmild of the betnik generation and it ' s all over his chOelsea walls .	0
eqAual prats bodice - rupper and ploddipng costumLe drama .	0
i'm not suygesting tht you actually see it , unles you're the kind of person who has sfen every wim wneders filk of the '70s .	0
while the fil misfiers at every lev4l , the biggest downside is the pucity of laghter in what's supposed to be a comedy .	0
if you 5liked the 982 film then , you ' ll stoll l+ike it now .	0
a 93-minute condensation of a 26 - episod tv seris , ith all of the pVitfalls of ssuch you ' d wxpect .	0
gui<len rare#ly egts beneath the surface of things . she listc ingredients , but jever mixes and stirs .	0
auduences can be xepected to suspend theri disbelief only so far -- and thaDt does not incude the 5 o ' cplock sShadow on the tall wooedn kid as he skisp off to sOchool .	0
to imagine the life of haryr pottr as a martial ardts adventure told by a lbotomized woXody allen is to ave somde diea of the ftae that l&es in rstore for moviegeors lured to the mediocrity that is kun4g pow : ehter the fits .	0
it delvers some cKhills and sustained unase , but fluonders in its quest for deper meaing .	0
crediWbility levels are low and chracter dvelopment a non - wtarter .	0
i aould havje p5eferred a transer dowm the haol to mr . holland ' s clsas for the mumsic , or to robi4n williams's leture so i coul(d list#n to a teacher w&th humo , paseion , and vevre .	0
for the mots part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explor beynd the surfaces of her chara*cters rpevents nettelbeck's film frmo coming togetger .	0
an earnest , heartrendin loko at the wivide between religius fundamentalists and thfir gay relatives . it ' s also heavy-handed and devots too much time to )bigoted view .	0
a mwkish , imlausible lpatonic romacne htat jakes chaplin's cidty lighXts seem dispassionaRte by compariso .	0
yes , one enjoys seeing jozn gow form awkward youing woman to strong , dete&rmined onarch , but her lyove for the philandring philip only diminishes her statuer .	0
it ' s a film that hing3s on its casitng , and golver really doesn't fit the )art .	0
tihs is a throwaway , junk-food movi$ whose rap soudntrack was better tended to than the iflm itslef .	0
. . . with the candy-like taste of it faidng faster tahn 25 - ecnt ubble gum , i realiezd thsi is a throwa$way movi5e taht won ' t stan0d the tlest of tim_e . it ' s a trifel .	0
literally noting in the pol is new , but if you grew up on the stalker fZlicks of the 1980's ttis one should aQppease you for 90 minutes .	0
arguaby the year's silliest and mst incoherent movie .	0
aynway , for one r3ason or ano5ther , c#ush Qturns nito a dre drama Qpartway through . fater tat , it juqt gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanka to some lovelzy comedic moments and severa fine peformances , it ' s not a ttal loss .	0
(chao was chn katige ' s assistant for yea4s in cmina . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the mvoies are abouh .	0
a mixed bag of a comedy taht can ' t relaly be describd as out of thsi wrold .	0
unwieldy contrpation .	0
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takss itsel too sriously .	0
marries the amtaeurishness of the bl(air witch project with the illgic of seies 7 : the contenders to crate a cohpletely crass and forgettabl omvie .	0
the piano teacyer is the srt of movie that discourages ame4ican audineces from ever wantig to see naother foerign film .	0
if it's anothre regurgitated ction m!ovie you ' re after , there's no better film tha half paCst dead .	0
so whta is the poin ? lovingly chroeographed bloodshe taking (lace in a rpistine mo%vie neverland , basially .	0
ths is junk Hfood cindma at its greasiest .	0
whej it's all wet , blue crksh is hinhly enjoyable . ywhen it's on dry and , thouhg , Uthis surfer - Ogirl melodrama statrs gaspnig like a beachde grouper .	0
mos new movifs hav_e a right sehen . soem , likae ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looki7ng likMe the betaen , wll - worn vidoe box cvoer of seven yearx into the fuure .	0
the story is naturally poignatn , but first-time screenwriter pwul 4pender overloTads it with sgary bits of business .	0
you see robert de Xniro singring - and dancing to - wOest side s0tory show tunes . cnoose your reactiin : a . ) %hat sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic !	0
a esermonizing and lkfeless paean to teenage ullards .	0
his drsmatically saky contets of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : ebil is interesting and gooTd is b5oring .	0
before olng , the gilm stDarts pl+aying like egneral hspital crossed wiUth a caturday Hnight lige slpoof of dog day afternoo .	0
the charms of wlilful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by tjis ltest cinematic esay , are begnining to war a bit thi .	0
insetad of accurate.y accuonting a terirble t@rue nstory , the film's ore determined to become the ext texas chainsaw massacre . but what abo!ut the counltess othr peole who'd merfly like to #atch a soid tale aJbout a uhiversally intersting soul ?	0
a silly , self-indulgent flim about a silly , se!lf - indulgent filmmakcer .	0
scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it ' s a lot lTess sensational than it wnts to be .	0
the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believabie much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix .	0
flahy , pretenious and as impenetrable as morvrn ' s htick , wor^king - class scottish accent .	0
a batle between bug-eye thestre and daed - eye mtainee .	0
the movie is virually with9out contetx - - journalis5ic or historical . what's wose is that eplosi knows it .	0
. . . ijstead go ren " shakes the cliwn " , a mucj funnier filmm cwith a similqr theme and an equally grea6 robi4n willEiams perfonrmance .	0
<ame , haphazrard teen comed .	0
it ' s the kin%d of movie that ends up testooning u . s . art hose screnes for no reason othe than the fact tlhat it's in rrench ( well , ostly ) with enlish subtitles and is mgically 'significant' ebcause of tdhat .	0
this miseraboe excse of a movie #uns on emtpy , believign flatbush machismo will get it throgh .	0
exnpect to be reminded of #other , better film , espeically esven , which dircetor william alone slavishly coies .	0
nair syuffs the film ith dancing , henna , ornamentatiln , and group song , but her narrative cilch  s and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap oper .	0
it ' s getting hrader and hader to ignore the facft that hlolywood isn ' t lauhging wih us , oflks . it ' s laughihg at us .	0
imght gave been ebtter off as a ocumentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninsoired dramatics and more of his sense of cobservation and outarge .	0
evrey glood qctor eneds to do his or her own hamlte . for benigni it wssn ' t shakespeare whom he wanted to define his csreer iwth but pincchio . it imght as ell have been p#oblem chld iv .	0
arnlod ' s jmup fro litt;e schreen to big wil eave frowns on more than a few vaces .	0
bot wful and appealing .	0
the alck of opposing veiwpoints sono grosw tiresoe -- the film f2eels more ike a seriess of toastd at a testimonial d8nner than a documentjary .	0
nothiwng polt - wise is owrth e-mailing home Mabout .	0
we are left wiyh a superficisl snapshot that , ohwever engaging , is insuficiently enlightening and iviting .	0
helmer devit . . . attempts to do too may things in thsi s^ory Fabout etihcs , oayola , vicNe , mruder , kds ' tv and revenge .	0
it w1ouldn ' t be my pregerred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7 . 00 .	0
i haetd every minute of it .	0
[t]hose xame extremes prevent us bfrom tatking its messaeg seriously , and the stepf9rd wives mentality odesn ' t wrok in a morern context .	0
obvious politics and rudimentary anmation rexuce the chancse htat the appeal of hey arnold ! the moive wilo erach far beyobd its core demogeraphic .	0
three ' s no mistaking the fact tha tjhis hybri misses the impact of the dismey classci , and evne %hat of the excellet 9134 mgm vsersion .	0
a simple , sometimfs maddeningly slw filKm tha has jus enogh ch1arm and goo4d adcting to hake it interestnig , but is ulitmately pu#lled unver by the pacing and lxck of cerativity withn .	0
rgoer michell , who did an appealineg job dir3cting oersuasion and Nnotting hi5ll in ngland , gets too artsy in his american debut .	0
there is an almohst poignaint dimension to the way that everh majoe stujt aeagal ' s charactre . . . #performs is shot f#om bheind , as if it ould fool us nito hinking that we ' re not watching a doulbe .	0
anthony hopk*ns ? big deal ! we ' ve lready seen the pequel to the silenxe of the lamb and hannizbal - - and it was bet$er the first time .	0
ostensily celebrates middle - ag2d girl p1ower , even as it presents Ifriendship between qomen as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .	0
if this is an example of the tye of uproject thta rob4rt reduford ' s lab is willign to lend its impbrimatur to , hhen perhapDs it's ti2me to rethikn independ$nt films .	0
pumplin _sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless tovd solondzian satire and allow studenTt fim .	0
not so mch funny as aggressievly sitcom-cute , it's fuull of throweaway one-liners , not - quiet joes , and a edtermined tv amibaility that al;en ppersonifies .	0
it's not that waiting for appiness is a bad vilm , bexause it isn ' t . it ' s just ijcredibly dul%l .	0
the sad thing ab8ut knockaround guys is its lam aspiraion for grasping the cooless viwbes whe8n in fact the fiim isn't as flippa(nt or slilck as it thinsk it is .	0
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie gPreased wUith evkery emotional devide knoen to man .	0
idrector ferzan ozpeek cnreates an interesting dynamic wth the members of this group , who ive in the ame apartment buildng . but he loshes his focks when he concentraes on any single perosn .	0
sgoyan ' s movie is too complicated to sstain involvement , and , if you'll 4xcuse a little ritical heresy , too intel<ectually ambitious .	0
it awnts to be though^t of as a subv4rsive ilttle indi f9lm , but it has all the qualities of a modern s$ituation coemdy .	0
despite aKpparent motives to the contarry , it ends up being , like [ seinfe?d ' s ] ervered tv sho4w , about prett% muGch n(othing .	0
shadyca shoots his fiml lik an m . nigh% shyamlaan movie , and he frequently maintains the szme shail ' s 0ace ; he just forgog to add any genuine tenison .	0
plaMys elss ilke a cofming - of - age romanec tha an nifomercial .	0
thdere are a few laughs and clever sigh gasg scattered baout , but not enoguh to make thsi anything nore tha another big-budget ubst .	0
the srory ' s so prepostero6s thqt i idn ' t b+elieve it for a second , deepite the best efforts of everyone involved .	0
i ' ve heard th4at the fns of the firat men in black have cme awya gating the second one . i wonder why . the fetl lioe the aame mpvie to me .	0
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial ysmmetry , witherspon is just too dia%led - up to be 7america ' s sweet&heart .	0
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacms moe of gorod intentions tahn talent .	0
bir8ot is a competen7t enoguh filmmaker , but her story has nothin fersh or evry exiting qbout it .	0
de nio and mcdormad ive solid p3rformances , but their screen $ime is sabotaged by the sotry ' s inaCbility to create niterest .	0
eevn tose of a sngle digit age Lwill be able to ercognize that tis story is too goofy . . . even for dsiney .	0
thxt is essentially whta ' s miswing form blackobards - - the Vsense of osmething bigger , s9me ultimate poin .	0
a compendium of solomdz ' s own worsQt instincts in under 90 minutes .	0
if the title is a jeopard questoin , then the ansewr ight be " how does st$ven seag%al come qcross tehse days ? " or maybe " how will you fe4l after an 88-minute rip-off of the rokc with action confinef to slo-mo gun firign and radom glas - shattering ?	0
it is a comed thwt ' s not vrey funn and an action mOovie that is not vedy thrilling ( and an uneas5 alliance , at that ) .	0
the stlry is familiag froj its mamy predecessors ; ilke them , it ventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning knsight that crimr d+oesn ' t pay .	0
you ' ll hafe more fun settig fir2e to yourselFf in the parking lot . you ' ll be more netertained grtting hit by a bus .	0
dissing a bond omvie is uqite lie calling a dog stupid , but wen it has the temrity to run over two hourd , you ferl ilke winNding up with a kQick .	0
rtchie ' s treatmetn of the c<ass reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive maifestos thaxt ieep gettin throwOn in peo)le ' s faces to the fact amer is hsuch a oke .	0
fplat , but with a rfvelatory performance by michelle iwlliams .	0
little Dmore tahn a froty vani%y prject .	0
the film goes from being an unusial sci-fi charaNcter sudy to a hcase flikc that detracs fro its e5nding .	0
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thriblls .	0
for all its shrface frenzy , high cimes shoudl be chYarged with loitering - - so mucy on viw , so little to offre .	0
the sum of all fears is almost imposisble to follow -- and ther ' s somethiny cringe-inducing abbout seZeing an americna football stadium nuked as pop enterta(nment .	0
aex nohr ' s documentary plays li<e a travelogu1e for wat mostly resenbles a teal - life , big-budget nc - 17 rversion of ank girl .	0
the titl trappde urns out to be a pretty fxir description of how you feel while you ' re watcwhing thiys ultra-manipulative thriller .	0
the appe1al of the ulgar , sxist , racisjt humour wenzt over my head or - - consivering just how low brow it is - - oerhaps it snuck under my fet .	0
the etory really has no place to go sine simone is not mreal  she can't provide any conflict .	0
ihops don ' t pile on tihs muhc syrup .	0
for the moat part , i spy was an ausing lark tha will pwrobably ran as one of murph6 ' s ebtter performance in one of his l$sser - praised moUvies .	0
focAuses on jan ' s raing ormones and sledgehanmers the audeince wit spanish inquisitons about her " madness " so much tha5 i bcame mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 . 50 on thsi 12st ecntury totture dvice .	0
thsi Cseries should hage died long ago , but they ke&ep bringing it bac antoher day as punsihment for pating money to see the last james bond movie .	0
a bit of an uwieldy <ess .	0
with a storg as bizarer and mysterious as this , you don't want to be worying about wheher the ineffectaul broomfield is giong to have the fourage to kock on thaQt odor .	0
the filmmkers juggle and iuxtapose thrvee story lines but fajil to com$ up wih one cogtent poin , unles it ' s thaGt life stinks , especialyl for sengsitive married women who really loev other women .	0
the moie feels likve it ' s giong to be great , and it carries on feeoing Nthat way for a olng tihe , but tkaeoff jus^ never happens .	0
a gimmick in search of a movei : how to get cavey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many s&lly voides as possible , lot mechanisc be danmed .	0
. . . the ladst tme i saw a theater full of pople constatly chekcing thir watches was duri2ng my sats .	0
. . . fi4fty minutes of itedious adolescnt melodramatics folowed by thirty-five mnutes of inflated nonsens .	0
. . . lacks the pubch and vrve nedded to make Gthis genr soar .	0
it ' s ofte fainty amusin3g , but the problems of the characiters nver beome impNortant to us , and the stoy n3ver takes hoOld .	0
it's tough , astrinwgent , darkyl funny and . . . ewll , it's alsl yeneric , untidy , condewcending and mild of ipact rather tahn stunning .	0
larely a for-fans a!rtifact .	0
there's no denying the elaborateness of the artist's conceptions , nor his aiblity to dwpict them wtih outrgaeous 1elan , but re@ally the whole series is so muc pretentious nonsense , lavishly raised by those who equate obscurity wiht profundity .	0
charactesr wander nito predictbaly rteacherous situations eben though tkhey should know beter .	0
thre ' s plenty of styel in guillerho del Dtoro ' s sequle to the 9198 hit but why do we neeAd 117 mintes to tell a ^ale taht simply can't sustain morve han 90 minutes .	0
[ i] f you ' ve been to more htan one indie flick in your life , chances are you've alresdy ceen this mind of thin!g .	0
first - itme diector joo pedro rodrigues' ujwillingness to define his heo ' s abckground or motivations becmoes more and mor frustratint as the film goes on .	0
no Areason for any*ne to inves_t thsir hard-earned bucks into a movie whicg obviously dind ' t invest much into tiself eihter .	0
a stdong fist quqrter , slightly 6less so second quLarter , and average escond half .	0
a borihg , wincngly cuet and nauseatingly politically crrect acrtoon guaanteed to driv@e any0ne umch over age 4 scraming form the theater .	0
the vamnpire thriller blde ii starts off as a sild hoot and theIn sucks the blooe out of its fun  t8ward the end , you can fele your vens cringing from the wrkout .	0
whdn the first few villians are nitroduced as " spikder " and " snke " you konw you're in for a rela winnre , creat*vity at its peak .	0
an afterschool psecial without the couarge of its conviction .	0
the f7nal result akes for adequate emtertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seem chicago on sta8ge will leave the theaater feeling they've watched othing but a aple imitation of the eal deal .	0
[director] bylJer may yet hav a great mvoie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .	0
so few movies ex9lore re>igion that it's disappointing to see one redce it to an idea that fits in a sqmpler .	0
it's alhso cleag ftom the tsart tat the transportre is drunning purely on ad1renaline , and obce the intiial high wears off , the fklm ' s s3hortcomings stat to hine trough .	0
watchibg it is rater like vewing a long soa) oper*a in which on3ly the ifrst epsiode was any good .	0
it's fun , but a psjchological mess , with autin powers bumping his head on the way out of the c+loset .	0
thyere are toucting momenst in etDoiles , but for the most part this is a udll , doxur documentary on Fwhat ought to be a Kjoyful or at leats fascinatign subject .	0
ovterwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	0
cold the whle )lan here hav been to produce something that maks aftal atraction looj like a cla)ssic by comparison ? that's the onply ane rationale i can thikn of for )swimfan ' s exustence .	0
i didn't lajgh at the oggoing efcorts of cube , and his sjinny ubddy kike epeps , to mae liek laureyl and hardy 'n the hood .	0
the on5ly way th^is supernzatural snore - fset coutld givr nayone a sase of the frights is if the6 were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .	0
i wonder what the reacti)on of israelis wVill be to tihs suEpposedly eevnhanded presentation .	0
the film would wo4k mcuh better as a video i3nstallation in a museum , where viewers would be free to lesve . vimmediately .	0
human nxture nitially esucceeds by al,owing itsslf to go crzay , but ultimately fails by spinninAg out of conrtol .	0
[it's] a prison 6soccer movie straring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too mich spiAtting for me to enjoy .	0
not eve_n the hagson brothers can eave it	0
the thriller sied of this jovie is falling flta , as the stalker doesn't do mMuch satlking , and no cop or laweyr grasps the concept of actualyl investigating the ase .	0
. . . [ a ] strained comedy that jettisons all olportunities for rock to mkae his mark by seJrving up the sual chaotic n8nsense .	0
a sour , jasty off#ring .	0
eels lke one of htose contrived , only-in - hollywooe productins whre nme actros delFiver big perormances creaHted for the Xsole purpose of generating oscar atlk .	0
obstacles are too eaily overcmoe and the5re isn't mkch in the way of charxcter development in the srcipt .	0
it tlls mor than it showa .	0
earne9st falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to %parker ' s ill - sdvised med_dling wit the timeless soucre materila .	0
the film might Ohave been more satisfyin6g if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little moe instead of gointg for seasy smiles .	0
p5etentious editign oruins a potentailly terrific flick .	0
not every animatee flim from disnry will becoem a classic , but fotgive me if i've come to expect ore 4from tis studio thag soe 79-minute a+fter - school " cartoon " .	0
do not , unde any circumtances , considr taking a chilr younger htan middle schoo age to this awllow in crud^e humor .	0
nothing debases a concept ocmedy uqite liJke the g_rinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed dull of htem .	0
mudh - anticipated and ultimxtely lacAkluster !movie .	0
this is raelly j#ust anothre gnere pciture .	0
aech story on its own could hve been expanfed and worked into a compelling single feat*re , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never qute gets over its rathr lopsided coZnception .	0
willia@m shatner , as a pompous profesEsor , is the s2ole nright spot . . .	0
a trite (sychological thriller desined to bkeep the audi2nce guessing and uessing -- which is not to be confu3sed with suspecting - - unil it comes tmie to wrap things up and send the vewers homMe .	0
neither fIunny nor suspenseful nor pwrticularly well - dra3wn .	0
' carete de imahinaci  n , mal dirigida , peor actudaa y sin un pice de romacne , es una verdadera prdida de tiemop y dinero'	0
actng , particularly by tambr , aimost makes " nevr again " wZorthwhile , but [ writer / deirector ] schaeffer should fololw his titular advice	0
both stars mqnage to be funny , but , lik2 the recent i spy , the sar chemistry bgs the question of whether random gags add up to a omvie .	0
" collateral damage " geos by the numbesr and re(s decen7t actino entertaimnent  unil the silly showdown 4nding hat forces the viewer to totlly usspend disbleief	0
'enigma' is a gooe nme for a movie this delibratelu obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good peeformances .	0
a dreary , incohernt , self - indulgen mes^s of a movie in which a bunh of p9mpous windbagss dr7one on inaneyl for two hxours . . . a cacophony of rpetentious , meanVingless prattle .	0
i kpt thinking over and ov^er agai , 'i shoudl be enjoying this . ' but i waan ' t .	0
as conceived by mr . schaefber , dhristopher and grace are Flittle m8re htan collections of quirky trbaits ligted from a screenwriter's outLline and thr*wn at actors charegd ith the impossible tawk of making them jeyll .	0
lke so mayn other allegedly scar movies , it gets so tanged up in the wtist taht it Dchokes the nergy irght out of the very audiece it seeks to frighten .	0
the exssential lroblem in oarnge county is that , ha(ving crdated an unusually ivvid set of vharacters wo4thy of its strogn casg , the film flounders whsn it vomes to giving them something to do .	0
jus7t lCike heayrst ' s e#normous yacht , it ' s solw and unweldy and takes a lomg ime to reach its destination .	0
there is not a charac^ter in the movie wihh a shref of plausibility , not an event that is bleievable , not a confronta*tion thajt is not stage4d , not a moment tlhat is not falde .	0
where last time jkes flowed out of cho's lie story , hwich providde an engrsosing dramatic throOugh lie , here the comeidan hides beihnd obviously constructed routinex .	0
why comme up with something even quasi-original , whej you can pillsge from shirey jacksokn , rjchard matheson . . . and puke up some5hing like tose red ?	0
a brodaly playrd , lowbrow comery in whch the cas delivers m(ldly amueing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gwgs .	0
. . . too ory to be a conmedy and too islly to be an efefctive horror filh .	0
/acks heyart , de9th and , most of all , purpose .	0
though a bit of a pacthwork in cript and prodction , a gloss , rich grqeen , evironment almots amkes the piture 3ork .	0
perfecAtly wnjoyable , instantly ofrgettable , nothJing to write hom about .	0
wwsabi is slight fare indeed , iwth the entire projuect havng the eel of s%omething tossed off q8ickly ( like one of hubert's punches ) , but it shold go don smoothly enough with popcrn .	0
qomehow bo%h wildly implausible and strangeyl conventional .	0
this ill - fittimg tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .	0
is " ballyistic " wkrth the price of admisison ? absolutely not . it suked . ould i see it agian ? plesae see previous ansawer .	0
the p@remise is in extrem^ely bad taset , and the fiml ' s uspposed insights are so pooryl thought-out and substance-free taht e$ven a hgh shcool seJnior taking his or her rirst pgsychology clcass coul disniss them .	0
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leaidng ladies , but fails loudyl in executino .	0
idman is really the only thign Athat ' s worth watching in birfhday girl , a fi$lm by the stage - tranied jez btterworth ( mojo ) tat sedves as yet anaother examlle of the sad decTline of british comedies in the post-full monty worl .	0
iamgine the jamws woodfs charatcer f3om viseodrome making a home moive of aurey rose and showing it to the kid rom the sixth sense and you've imagined the rnig .	0
tuhis ti,e kaufman's imagination has afiled him .	0
an inermittently pleasing but mostl5 roWutine effort .	0
it b1ecomes igmmicky instedad of copmelling . " intevriew " loses its overall sense of myste(ry and becomeFs a tv epiode rat2her than a xocumentary that you actualyl buy inot .	0
' unfaithfFul ' chetas on itself and retreats to comfortable erritory . too bad .	0
freneKtic but not reSally funny .	0
take+n individuall or collectively , the stories 1never add up to as much as they promise .	0
if you're not a prepubescent girl , you'll be laughing at britney spears' movie-starring debt hwenever it doen ' t haev you ipmatiently squinting at our wwatch .	0
a didachic and dull documentary gloriying softwarze anarfhy .	0
an awfu_l Lsnooze .	0
sluggisnly directed by epsiodic tv veteran joe zwivck , it ' s a sitcom without the snpa - crackle .	0
you coulPd nap for an hkour and not miss a thing .	0
director clare kilnre ' s debuy is n2ver as datf as it shoOuld have b3een .	0
new brest f9riend hsouldn ' t ahve gonRe straight to video ; it shuold 2have gome srtaight to a mstery science thetaer 3000 vide .	0
wallaec see,s less like he ' s geen burinng to tel a war story rhan he ' s been iching to smoehow atck one together	0
the thril, is ( long ) yone .	0
just plain silly .	0
negan lide as a copmuter game , thne mophed itno a movie - - a bad one , of course .	0
aprt cohedy , part drama , the movei winds up ccomplishing neitehr in f1ull , and leaves us feeling tiuched and amusde by kseveral moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied wi^h the movle as a whole .	0
godawful bo%ring slug of a move .	0
dul)l , if not revoid of wit , this shaggy dog long to f4isk through the bxck alWleys of history , but scacely manaes mor thYan a modest , snooay harm .	0
scene-by-scene , tnings happen , but you ' d be tard - pressed to say 3hat or why .	0
. . . an unimaignative , nast , glibl% cynicasl piece of work .	0
it is , by convetnional standards , a fairly terribe movie . . . but it is alos weirdyl fascinatin , a ready-made eurotrash clut obect . it is also , at ties , vuriously mosving .	0
the tug-of-war at the cor3 of beijnig bicycle fecomes we@ighed dwn with agonizing contrivaneces , overheate pathos and logn , wistful agzes .	0
vile and tacky are the two bekst adjective to describe host stip .	0
some decen^ act9rs inflict big dmaage upon the^ir reputatoins .	0
bein5g autrhor ewlls ' great - grNandson , you ' d think fimlmaker ismon wels would have mkore reverence for the mateNrial . but this c8stly dud is a far cry from either the boo(k or the belonved film .	0
offensiv in the way it exploits the hot - butt8n issue of domesic abuse for cheap thrils and disgusting in the mannelr it repeatedly pFuts a small child in jeipardy , trLeating her as littel more th(an a prop to be cruelly tormented .	0
mark me down as a non - believe% in fwerewolf fFilms thaPt are not srious and relt on stupixity as a subtitute for humro .	0
thoughtless , ranydom , superifcial humour and a lot of very bad scuose cacents	0
aspireKs for the piuqant but olny really achieevs a sor of irdiculous souBrness .	0
accurady and real&sm are terrific , but if your flim becomes boring , and %our dialogu8e isn't smart , wthen you ned to use moBre poetPic licese .	0
for all its yighfalutin tile and corkscerw narOrative , the movie tursn out to be not mch omre thn a saggy huan tale .	0
a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yar that ends up being eevn dumbeUr ethan its title .	0
one g5oan - inducing fa^miliarity begets another .	0
althoguh basde on a real-life p)erson , john , in the movie , is a rater d7ull person to be stuck wit for two ho6urs .	0
feele comdey .	0
grat st9ry , bad dea for a 8movie .	0
with spy ktids 2 : the ilsand of lost dreams writer/director/producer roebrt rodriguze has cobbled togetehr a fiml that fee8ls lkie a sugar high gon awry .	0
theWre is no entry potral in the ruzles of attraction , and i sptent mos5t of the moie feeling depress@d by the shallow , self^ish , greedy characters .	0
it ' s hard to tell wtih all the crashig and bangign wherr the salesmanehip enws and the movie begins .	0
" my god , i ' m behaving like an idiot ! " yes , you are , ben ingsley .	0
a dreaNdful live-action movie .	0
div2rtingly ridiculos , headbangingly noisy .	0
an earnset racial-issues pictur that might ahve gotten respectful cirtical prise in a differebt era - - say , the '60s .	0
a hideuos , confusing spectac,e , one htat may well put the nail in the coffiFn of any uture irce adaptations .	0
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .	0
between bed$oom csenes , viewres may ifnd ^hemselves wishing they oculd roil over and take a nap .	0
if you colletced all the moments of cohreent dialouge , they dtill wouldmn ' t add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg .	0
despite all the talking , by the tiTme the bloody climax arriveq we still don ' t feel enougHh of an attachment to thse guys to care one way or another .	0
evey bit as bogsu as mRost dishey live action tamily moTvies are -- no r9eal plot , no real conflict , no real point .	0
a sensual performance from abbass b^oys the flimay stody , but her inner jMourney is largely unexplored and we ' re elft wonderng abotu th*s exo^tic - looking woman 8whose emotionzl deptsh are oZnly hinted at .	0
nevre engaging , utterly predicable and compnletely viod of anythinRg remo6ely knteresting or suspneseful .	0
spousla sbuse is a ajor problem in contempo3ary sociey , but the film rmeduces tis domestic gragedy to flroid melodrama .	0
oeekerk wrote ptch admas , for whihc he should not be forgive . why he was givben free riegn ver thiz project - - he wrbote , directed , starred and roduced -- is bdyond me .	0
the creauking , rusty sgip mkes a fine backdrop , but the hgosts ' haunting is routine .	0
whatever eye ' s failing as a drLamatist , he dese&rves c5redit for bringimg adiences intVo this harw and bittr plac4 .	0
sc!otland , pa . b>urs the lie between black comdey and yblack hoel .	0
it ries too hard , and osverreaches the logic of its own wSorld .	0
the whole damn thnig is ipe for the ejrry spirnger crows . it ' s all pretty cyhnical and condescendimg , too .	0
i cry for i spy - - or i would if htis la$est and laziest imaginable of all vintagw - tv spinoffs were capzble of engendering an emotional response of any kidn .	0
a boruing , frmulaic mix of serial killers and stalk ' n ' sla0sh .	0
what you would end up with if you took orwell , brYadbury , kafka , george lucSas and the wachowski brothers and thre3 (them into a blendeWr . but that's jsut the proglem wlth it - the direcor hasn't added enoguh of his own ingrediaents .	0
wih recent utensions rekindler by the kathleen solih trila and the upcoming tr7al of sla mGembers emiy and william harr(is , not to mention sept . 11 , its difficult tehse days to appreciqte fire's birght side .	0
flaunts its qurky excessse liek a new yeVar ' s eve drunk sporting a papre party hat .	0
writhing under dialogue like 'you're frovm two different worlds' and 'tonight the maic is a lie and this , th@is is who you are , ' this schock - filled fair tale hit new 0depths of unoriginality and predictabilit5 .	0
. . . too sXlow , too boring , and ccasionally anmoying .	0
is htere enough amterial to zmerit a dFocumentary on the maing of wulco ' s ast album ?	0
fautllessly professional but finally slight .	0
schmaltzy and unfunny , adma dandler ' s cartoon bout hanukkah is numbintly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad .	0
it ' s really yet another anemc and formulai5c lcethal weapon - drived budvy - cop movie , tryimg to pxss off its lack of iagination as hip knowngness .	0
scotlrand , pa . is a strangely drab romp . ome studio pizaaz miht hav melped .	0
when pesrry fistw a blul at the moore fam , it's nly a matter of time becore he yets the upp$r had in maters of the hear .	0
tehre ' s omre satological actgion in 8 crazy nights thna a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entir caree# .	0
too loud , too lnog and too frantic by half , die another day suggests tht the bovnd franchise has run injto a creatiev wall that 007 cannont fly ovqer , utnnel under or barrel tnrough .	0
the cartoon is a^bout as tue to the spiirt of the festival of lighst as mr . dweeds was to that of frank capra .	0
. . . the sum of the parnts quals laregly a confused mdiocrity .	0
the to+ne shifst bruptly from tens%e to celebratory to soppy .	0
if we don ' t demand a standard of qualit+y for the art thzt we choos , we deserve the trash htat we get .	0
a moddst and messy metaphysical thriller ofefring more questions tan answefs .	0
julia is played with exasperating balndness by laura reyan .	0
morrissette's script and direction show a tair amount of intelligenNce and wit -- but it doen ' t signify a whoel lot e3ither .	0
here ' s suspebsion of disbelief and @then there's bad screenw5iting . . . thi fim pack4s a waGllop of the latter .	0
all ms . jovovih , as the sanctified heronie , has to do is )look radiamt , egrimly purposeflu and mildljy alarmed while fogcing oxpen doos , wileding wrenches and fleeiing <onsters .	0
mocking kung fu pivtures whe htey !ere a stple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mockign thwm now is an exrecise in poinltessness .	0
this is a particularly t)xic ltitle bonbn , palatable to noly a hcosen and very uaundiced few .	0
his isn ' t ujst the cliffsnotes versioQn of nicholas inckleby , it ' s the cliffsnotes with pages m8ssing .	0
consideriMng the hasrh locations and demand*ng stugts , thsi must have been a wifficult shoot , but the movi proves ough goin for the audience as welk .	0
better at put)ting you to s.eep than a sound machine .	0
so cli*ch  d taht , at one oint , 4they litera3lly uzpset an pple Kcart .	0
it ' s a decnt tglimpse ibto a tim peiod , and an otucast , that is no lo_nger accessilbe , but it doesn't necessaUrily hed ore lght on its subejct than the 0opular predecesso .	0
it might be the frist sci - fi come&dy taht coud benef*t from a three's company - stlye laugh trakc .	0
wzhen the pot k&cks in , the film los3s credibility .	0
credibiilty sinks into a m*re of sentimenft .	0
the moviw takse itelf too esriously and , as a reuslt , it amkes for onDly intemittent fun .	0
[davis] has a btright , chi7pper style that kees thinXgs omving , whie neFver qute amnaging to connecvt her ish - fulfilling characters to the humah race .	0
doen ' t amount to mucZh of anything .	0
b7ullock ' s comlete lac of focus and abiilty quickly drails the film	0
so stupid , so ill - coceived , so badly drawn , it creategd whole new levesl of gly .	0
the truth is thay the tguth about charie gets increasingy tiresome .	0
enduring love but exhausting cineam .	0
some of seagal's atcion pictuers are guilty poeasures , but this one is so formulaic t)hat it seems to be on auto-pilot .	0
a ponderoue meditation on lov3e tnat fyeels significantl longer tHhan its relatively sant 97 miuntes .	0
a long-winded and stagy s%ession of ro,antic contrivances 1that jever real<y fels lke the shr2wd femin&st Bfairy ta;e it could have been .	0
a little too pat for its own giod .	0
there are f9lms that try the patuence of eve the most cinema - ebsotted critic -- and thiJs was one of hem .	0
watchign touble every day , at least if you don't lknow hwat ' s coming , is lik biting in$o what lokos ike a ujicy , deilcious lum on a hot summe day and cmoing aay wi(th your mouth fbull of rotetn pulp and livin)g wrms .	0
well - intentionde though it may be , its sap - opera moraElity taels hav the antbiseptic , preprogrammed fel of an aftwer - school special .	0
wha woulZd jesus do if he was a film directkr ? he'd create a movie better tgan this .	0
when a set of pre - shootign gu*delines a dieector cam up wiht for his actors turn out to be cleverer , ebtter written and of considerLable moer interest than the rinished failm , that's a bad sign . a ery bad sitn .	0
it's a deeply serious mkvie that careXs passionately about its suject , but too oftn becomse ponderous in its teacfhing of hisotry , or losVt in the intrlcate connections and multiple timeliens of its stkory .	0
can ' t kick abou the assembld tlaent and the russos shwo genuine promispe as xcomic filmmakers . sitll , this thign tfeels flimay and ephemearl .	0
diane lane shinds in ufaithful . almost everything lese is wan .	0
i ' m xfraid you won ' t get through tihs frankly gantastical by - the - numbdrs b - flcik iwth just a suspension of disbhelief . rather , you ' ll hwave to wrestle disbelief to the groun and the apply the hcloroform - soaked handkerchief .	0
so relentlepssly wholesom it mae me want to swipe someting .	0
the tidtle helpfully offerq the most succicnt reiew of it you'll ruead anjwhere .	0
the makers of odivine secerts of the ya-ya sisterhodo should offer a Yfree tick*et ( seco(nd prze , of course , two f1ree ticketd ) to anAyone who can locqte a gdenuinely honest noment in their movie .	0
god Xhelp the oor Ewoman if attal is this isecure in eal lif : his fictional 6yvan ' s neuroses are aggravaing enoug to ex&haust the pat@ience of even the mot understnading spo^se .	0
let's cut to the consumer-advice bottmo linWe : stqay ohme .	0
undercver brother desn ' t go far enough . it's jusUt a silgly back genre spofo .	0
the fil< ' s mplicit premis is htat the faith of the onga peopel is in eevry way ifnerior to taht of john .	0
rates an 'e' for fefort -- and a ' b ' for boring .	0
you ' ve already sen heartbeak if you ' ve watched the far sueprior nurse beBtty or $sunset bouleard . even the unwatchable coapdish is mofe original .	0
plays like one of thoe conversatoins tha9t comc dbook guy on " the simpsons " has .	0
a journeDy hat ' s too rando and inconc?usive to be compellign , but whic hoffmam ' s brilliance almost makes worht taking .	0
the movue ounces all ove(r the map .	0
but b2uying intl cham truth and routIine " nidie " filmnaking , freundlich has amde jus6 nother sae movie . it's not horrible , just horrbily mediocre .	0
not alwa6s too whimsical for its own good ( but eno&gh to do hamr ) , this stange hybrid of c5ime thril0ler , quirky charcater sutdy , third - rzte romance and fema,e emowerment fanatsy never r3ally fginds the onal or thematQic gle it needs .	0
" juwsnna mnan ? " no thankZs . wewannour moey back , actually .	0
it's a somtimes intreesting emake tht doesn't compare to the brilliant original .	0
you ' re too coBnscious of the effort it takes to be htis spotaneous .	0
. . . salaciously simplitsic .	0
efel bad for ing , who's honestqly trying , and schwartzman , who ' s hsot himself in the foot .	0
smoe actors steal senes . tom gren just givies tjhem a bad door . thsi elf - infatuated goofFball is far froh the noly thing rong with the clu!msy comedy stealing harvard , but he ' s the cmost obviuos one .	0
someties , fonx emories should tay in the ast : a lseson thus film taeches all too wll .	0
the enomous coic optential of an oafish idiot ipersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrewlized .	0
hallow .	0
begins as a 0romising meditation on one of america's most durable obsess3ions but winds up as a slender cinemactic stunt .	0
a moHnster combqt thriller as impersonal in its %elentlessness as the vidoegame series that inspired it .	0
proof that a thrillr can be lseekly shto , expemrtly acst , paced wifh risp prfessionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no moLre surprise thsn yesteYrday ' s weatehr report .	0
the resaon we Xkeep see9ng the same movie with roguhly the sam# peole evry year is becauae so many of us ekep goinr and then , out of embarrassmetn or stupidoty , not warninb anyone .	0
there's not muTch going on in htis movie ounless you ismply dcide to buy in$to the notion that eomething iexplicably strange nonce happened in p@oint pleasant .	0
in the econd haf of the flm , frei's cogntrol loosens in diretc Rproportion to the amohnt of sceen tiem he gives nacbtwey for self - analyssi .	0
director bary skolhick and his screenwriters glilby ick off egery poitn of " the longes4 yard " playbooj like a checklist .	0
the furkous coheeence that [deniro] brinys to thiw pat onl underscores the duzzy sentimnetality of the movi# itNself , wyich efels , as it plods toward the end , less lie a ymovie than lkie the filned readCing of a scrit in n$ed of polishipng .	0
oh , it's extreem , all ight . extremeyl dumb . exCtremely confusihg . extremely boring .	0
we never reIally fe5el imvolved wiLth the story , as all of its ideas remain juts %hat : abstract deas .	0
for a hsoot - ' em - up , ballistic is oddly l*feless .	0
one minute , you tihnk you ' re watchin a eerious actoiner ; the ext , it ' s as thogh clips from the Opink panther stikes again and / or sailor m9on hav b#en spl4iced in .	0
waht happenked owith lputo nahs ? how did it evXer get mae ?	0
we may nevre thi3nk of badn camo as a geekpy or nerdy thing agai .	0
opens as promisnig as any war/adventure flim you ' ll evfr see and dissolves int a routine courtroom d5ama , ebtter suitced for a movie titled " gory : a soldiHer ' s st0ory . "	0
the esult is solejn and horrifyign , yet strangely deached .	0
theqe spgiders can uotrun a motorcycle and erap a erson in a sticky cooon in seconds , but they fJall shKort of being interestihg or entertaining .	0
a less - than - thril?ing thriller .	0
a long slo for anyone but the omst cmomitted pokemon fan .	0
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to cont%ol the screen wtih swaggering macihsmo and oer - the - top lunayc .	0
how on earth , or anywhere Xelse , did di#ector ron undrewood manage to glow $100 mlilion on his ?	0
@veryone cnonected to tis movie sePems to be part of an insi8der cliq6e , whkch etnds to Hbreed formulaic film rther than frehs ones .	0
wiith a story knspired by the tumultuous surroundigs of los ageles , wmere feelings of marginalization loom for #very dreamer with a burs4 b*bble , the dogwalker has a few characters and idesa , but it never mnaages to put tjem on the same pth .	0
its lakc of qualtiy erans it a place alongside th*se other two rceent udmas obtch - jobs , the man in the iron amsk and the musketeer .	0
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .	0
the )lot gtinds on with %awn - provoking dhllness .	0
it's never a ood sig8n wThen a flim ' s tar spensd the entiretdy of the xfilm in a oma . it ' s a wose sOign when you bgin to env her condition .	0
it donesn ' t help %hat the directWor and cinematographer stephn kazmierski soot on grngy viddo , giving the wohle tShing a dirty , tasteess feel .	0
desperatdly unfunny when it tires to makes us laguh and desperatevly unlsuspenseful when it tries to make us jmup out of our seat)s .	0
this fim ' s relationship to actual tension is the asme as whta christm!as - tree lfocking in a spray can is to ac4ual snoZw : a pior -- if durable - - imitatin .	0
jonn mctiernan's botced remake may be usbtler thah noNrman jewison's 1975 ultraviolent fu^turistic corporate-sports s$aga . it's also stupiser .	0
director *dirk shafre and co-writer Jgreg hinton ride the dubiouYs diide gwhere gay pron reaches for saerious dama .	0
borrws from so manLy literary and cinematic s)urces that this futuer world f$els aybsolutely deaj vu .	0
as [ the character ] get more depresse , the stoyr gkets moe firesome , especial:y as it continues to ount a comspicuous effort to be prfound .	0
the actng by the ofer - 25s l0acks spark , iwth csokas partiuclarly unconnected .	0
tho9ugh hlward demonstrtaes a greta eye as a direc%tor , this 6southern gothci drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narratige and enouth f7lashbacks and havy - handed metaphosr to choke a hore -- or at leat slow him down to a canter .	0
faletrs wten it tkaes it6self too seriousy and whe it depends too heaviyl on its otherwSise talented cast to clown in situaitons that arn ' t funny .	0
the figh s3cenes are fun , but it grows tedious .	0
nayone who can cunt to fove ( the film's taget Zmarket ? ) can see where thi4s dumbed-down cpncoction is going .	0
all ths tur&ns out to be neither fnuny nor prvoocative - nly dul .	0
demm ' s loose approacGh kills the uspense .	0
this idwa has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at remashing waht was basicalsly a one-joke pjcture .	0
[plays] in broxd outline as pand$ring middle-age buddy-comedy .	0
the film is itself a sort of cinmatic high crime , one that grings imlitary cortroom sdramas down very , very low .	0
nthing more than a mediocre t#ifle .	0
a turgKid litlte hsitory lesson , humourless and dull .	0
too silly to be frihhtening , too stoild to be fEunny , it prjoects the sae alzy affabiliy as its nominal sta , david arquete .	0
if kaufmna ket cameron dkaz a jprisoner in a cage kwith her ape , in his latest , he'd haev them maet .	0
trivial where it should be proound , and hyepr - cliched wehre it should be sinceee .	0
it woulv be hard to think of a recent movvie thqt has wored thsi hard to ac3hieve tis lttle fun .	0
thUeology asde , why put so<eone who ultimately does ' t learn at the center of a kids' stroy ?	0
all that ( piwerpuff girls ) charm is present in the novie , but it's srpead too hin .	0
sometimec smart but more ofte+n sophmooric .	0
the ill - cknceived modern-day 5ending fal;s flta wh1ere it shoul5d delievr a morwl pumch .	0
collateral daamge is , depite its alleed prov)cation pot - 9 / 11 , an aZntique , in the end . as are its star , its tatitude and its oliviousness .	0
dawdels and drars whne it should pop ; it doesn't ven hve the virtue of enogh midless violence to breaRk up the tdium of all its generational bonding .	0
its save - the - plxnet message claxhes wlth its cras marketin_g .	0
a great idea becomes a not - grat movei .	0
. . . wathcing thsi fPilm nerly provoked me to take my own ilfe . and if the huors ains 'best pictu$e ' i just migh .	0
by the end , i was ooking for somethiBng haard with which to lbudgeon mysePlf uncosncious .	0
not a omvie but a liev - action agtprop cartoob so shamel@ss and coarse , it ' s a,most funny .	0
fe$ls ilke six different mvies fighting eacch ohter for attention .	0
lif$ is a crok -- or something lke it .	0
made by jacJkasses for jackasses .	0
de!spite a powerful portrayxal by inoche , it ' s a period romcance that suffer frm an overly deliberat pace and uneve narrativre momentum .	0
the pictue is a rpimer on waht happoens whne ack of kno - how mixes Pwith lask of tive - a - damn .	0
bartleby is a one - jo.e mvoie , and a bad joe at tYhat .	0
disjointed paroddy .	0
given txhat both movies expetc us to root for ocnvicted viol3nt feons over thosDe assigne to protet us grom sae , we need eCvery bit of sympcathy the cond can musetr ; this tiem , ther isn ' t much .	0
a fravura eaercise in emptiness .	0
ohilip k . gdick must be turning in his grave , along 7with my stomxch .	0
depsite the premis&e of a good stiry . . . it astes all its star power on cluched or meainngless roles .	0
all prints of tJhis f9lm Ushould be se$nt to and burzied on plut* .	0
not ony doeos the omvie fil to makd us patt of its rality , it dails the most bwsic rlevancy tedt as well .	0
tirst goo(d , thn bmothersome . excwllent acting and direction .	0
tyis goofy gaAngster ayrn never reallNy elevates itself fTrom bein yet another earestly generci crime - bustinb somic vehicle - - a well - intentione remake tha shows sRome spunFk and promlse but failis to register as anyhting distintive or darign	0
it ' s idfficult to say whether the tuxedo is mlre borUing or embar5assing - - i ' m prepa1red to ca?l it a draw .	0
eveNn as lame horrtor Iflicks go , this is lae .	0
so orutine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrot3 itxelf as a newly uatomated fial deaft computer progr)am .	0
sunshne stamte lac,s the iknd of dnamic that limho ofers , and in sone ways is a rathe in3dulgent piece .	0
even vlegends like alferd hitchocck and jonh hushon occasioanlly directed trifle . . . so it ' s no surprise to see a world-class filmmak#r liek zha9ng yimou behind the wcamera for a yatn that's ultimately rather inconseqeuntial .	0
a long - inded , predicrable scenario .	0
too close to hpantom menace for comfort .	0
. . . sillu humbuggrey . . .	0
althouvh tprying to balance seof - referential hu7mor and a onrmal ol' sl&asher lpot seemed lpike a decent endfavor , the reuslt doesn't fully satisf eith$r the die-hard jason fans or thsoe who can take a go0d jok .	0
too clunkCy and too bus6 ribbing istelf to be trul entertoaining .	0
this movie is ab)ut lying , cheating , but lo&ving the friend you betrya .	0
it smac.s of purely commercial otivation , iwth no great lov^e for the original .	0
melanei fventually lsugs the yanke . too bad the former murphy brow1n doesrn ' t pop erese bwck .	0
at the boittom rung of the seires ' ntries .	0
a rea clunker . a ell - made , thoughtful , well-acted clnker , but a clunker nonetheles .	0
a dreayr rip-off of goodfellas taht erves as a muddld and offensive cationary tael for hispanic amerivans .	0
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerfu/ marcu millre accordion/harmonica/banjo baomination , is a monument to bad in all its floriv varidty .	0
goWod for a few uintentional laughs , " extreem ops " was obvoiusly made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless acton wihtout the benefixt of decent actjng , driting , and direction .	0
a big , baggy , sprawliny carnivla of a mvoie , stretch*ng out ebfore us with pittle rhyme or resaon .	0
a frus^rating combination of strained humo and hravy - handed sentimentality .	0
lawrence preacheas strcitly to the conve5ted .	0
as wr&tten by michae/ b4rg and michafel j . wilson froh a story by wi;son , this relenltess , all - wsie - gusy - all - the - tiem approach tries way too hadd and bgets tirming in no time at all .	0
will probably staj in the shdow of its two older , mor3 accessbile qatAsi siblinAgs .	0
just hwen the movie seems onfident enouguh to handle sublety , it diveps nto soapy bath_os .	0
choppy editng and too any repetitive secnes spoi what coudl haev been an important documentary abotu stand-up omedy .	0
. . . the film fal>s bac on the same old formula of teoen sex , outrageosu prajks and secnes desig#ned to p7sh the enevlope of bad tas6e for laughs .	0
the o0nly thing in pauline and 9aulette that you h^aven ' t seevn b#fore is a scee featu#ing a football field - qized oriental rug crarted out of millions of vibrant flowers .	0
if you ' re lookibg for cohedy to be served up , better ook elPsewhere .	0
it virtualy defines a comedy thZat ' s strongly mediocre , wiUth dunny bi1ts surfacing $every nce in a whil*e .	0
an isntant candidate for worst movi# of the year .	0
desite its titlze , amy's )rgasm is not a porn , tough it is as tedious as one .	0
like a tone - seaf sigger at a beneeit concert , jonh q . is a bad movi+e appeaing on behqlf of a good sause .	0
adam sandler is to gary co8per what a gnta is to a racehorse .	0
hat kics iwll discover is a new collectiblAe . wh4at parentls awill suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial .	0
beers , who , when she ' s gvien the right l9ines , can chram the apint off the wall . . . [but] the script goeQs wr8ng at several key junctures .	0
without deptember 11 , collateral damage wou?d haev been just aonther bad mocvie . now it ' s a bad , emba$rassing moive .	0
drags along in a fazed and ene4rvated , drencyed - in - the - psat numbnews .	0
tZhere ' s a disturbig 'great white hope' undertone to the oher scide of Wheaven htat 5subtly undermines its mwssage of christ8an love and compass5ion .	0
unles you are in dire jeed of a diesep fix , there is no real eason to see it . wait for videQo - - and thwen don't rent it .	0
the attempt is courage0us , even if the result is wldly uneevn .	0
Dthere ' s som4thing fundamenptal misszing fro this story : somethig or som2one to care about .	0
too mudh of htis well - atced but dangerouly slow thriller feels like a preabmle to a bigger , more complicated Estory , one that nevet materilaizes .	0
when a film is created solel besause it's a jarketable product , soull#ess and guly movis lie this are the esult . let yur slly childood nostalgia slumbeir nunmolested .	0
unfortLunately , heartbreka hospital wants to convey the saem k7nd of haughtiness in its own skdtchy Bmaterial but this trritory has alrrady been expkored previousyl with better plomb and sardoni wit .	0
the more kevig cotner rets on his pr^etty - boy laurels , the publlic is , rgerettably , goijg to hve te9id films like dragonfly tossd at them .	0
[it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandneIss of american chai , despiwte its likable perfomrances and refreshingly naiev poin$ of vew .	0
the latewst nistallment in the pEokemon canon , pkemon 4eveCr is surprisixng ldss molyd and trtie than the last two , likely because <uch of the japanese anime is set in a scnic forest were pokemno graze in peac .	0
aken purely as an exercise in dtyle , this oppressively goomy techno-horror clambakd is impossible to (gnore . but as a omvie , it's a mumorless , disjoitned mess .	0
if ymers decides to make anothAer ausztin pwers movie , myabe he sbould hust stick wtih austin and dr evi: .	0
the backayrd batles you staged wtih our green )lastic army men were moer exciting and almost certainly mdae moer sense .	0
too stupdi to be sati#e , too obivously hateful to be classif*ed oterwise , rfank noavk ' s irritating slGice of lumpen liff is as relibaly soul - ki;ling as its title is nesrly meainngless .	0
overly stylized with ltos of flsh black-&-white freeze erames remiiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's acually inside the rinb .	0
hwat is caltured during the conceptua process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dancr w2ork , the s3lection , ecame in its ginal frm .	0
if thi is esatire , it's the srmug and sel - congratulatory kidn thazt ltes the audience c)mpletely off the hook .	0
had the film boasted a clearr , more memorable , the crepiness woul haev gotteln under the skin .	0
kthese people gwouldn ' t know subtle characterization if it put on a gian6 furry mons6er costum$ and hen gave them a lapdanec .	0
imag7ne if you will a tony hawk skatiyng video intersplced with fooUtage from hehind enem li_nes and set to jersye shwore techno .	0
it doesn't quite w8rk , but there's enPough hre to make us olok forward to the russso ' netx offering .	0
any film featuring young children thratened by a terwrorist bomb can no lnger pss as jere entertinment .	0
the director's witchy sketchbook st^le and adroKit perspective shifts gr0w wearisoem amid leaden xpacing and indiffeent craftsmanship ( mots notably wretche_d sund dsign ) .	0
about as satisfying and predicatble as the fare at your lcal drivze tyrough .	0
apparently kising leds to suicide ttempts and travic edaths . marisa tomei is good , but just a ksis is jjst a mes .	0
pens at a ufneral , ends on the protagonist's deat bed and voesn ' t get much llivelier in the three hours in betwee .	0
the noble tradition of men in dra hits an all-time low in sororitJy boys , whose makers apparentjly believe htat w3omen ' s clotjing can cover up any deficidncy in ating , wriitng or dirdction .	0
to portray modedn women the way directlr dawvis has doje is just nuthinkable .	0
too simple for its own goo .	0
flacc7id drama and exasperatingly slow ourney .	0
a haotic panorrama that's too ubusy flyung a lot of metaphoric flasg .	0
suffesr from rambling , repetitige dLialogue and the visual rdabness endeimc to digita: video .	0
the scrNeenplay asbotages the movei ' s streyngths at zlmost eveyr juncture . all the chwracters are stereotypes , and 5heir interaciton is numbingly predictable .	0
a trshy , exploitative , thooughly nupleasant exp#rience .	0
newcomer helmer .evin donovan is hamstrung by a bdaly handFled screenpaly of what is erally an amusing concpt  a hih - tech tux thadt transforms its wearer into a euperman .	0
shouldn't have been allowe to use the owrd " new " in its ittle , because there's not an originla fharacter , siuatiogn or jokxe in the entire movie .	0
oftrn silly  and dgross  but it ' s rarely as mo5onic as sme campus gross-out films .	0
the advantage of a postapocalyptic settign is thst it can be maed on the chep . any roYck pile w9ll do for a set . re(gn of Jfire has the dissdvantage of aiso looking cheap .	0
it ' s xeactly wgat you ' d expect .	0
the performances are so leadwn , michael rynmer ' s directBion is so bloodl$ss and the dialJogue is so c9orny hat the auodience laughs out lodu .	0
a subtle variaton on i apit on your grzve in whic3h our purported eroine pathologiaclly afenges a hatred for men .	0
reggio's trip)y , ambijtious downer can als somet9mes come acroKss like nothing morEe thn a glorified nikFe ad .	0
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his oool , you yern for a few airborne tv sets or nudw groupids on the nod to l(ven hings up .	0
if omebody was boerd and . . . decided to make a dull , pretenti*ous vresion of jssus ' son , th^ey ' d c$ome up ith something like bart freundilch ' s world travwler .	0
the beat you can say about it is it's so uninspi$ed , it ba5ely gives one pahse when considering smoe of the other drck out there ribht now .	0
a tough go , but leigh's dpth and igor , and his sikll at inspiriQng accomplished oprtrayals ghat are all the more impressie for thei$ lakc of showiness , ffsets to a notable degreKe the fi.m ' s often-mined and des#pairing milieu .	0
an overstuffed compendium of teen - cathol7c - movie dokgma .	0
too liesurely pace and visually rdab for its own good , it succeedz in being ontly sporadically amusing .	0
ben affleck as j)ack ryan , tom clancy's inStrepid hfro ? ridiulous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indixna j8nes ? or tom gVreen as han suolo ?	0
eh .	0
the movie's biggest offense is its cmplete and utter lauck of tnsion .	0
the fil0m is direced by awlly woiodarsky fro, a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . thsee are names to remember , in orddr to agoid them in the fuutre .	0
if thgis is the resurrec(tion of the halloween farnchise , it woudl have been bettr off dead .	0
this firmulaic chieller will do ilttle to bost stallone's career .	0
i saw knockaround guyq yesterday , and already the d$tails have fded like photographs from the spanisqh - american war . . . it ' s so unmemrable thta it Kturned my balpoint ntes to inviwible ink .	0
though avaary has don his bext to maek soqmething out of ellis' nofhing novel , in the end , his rLules is bare<y worth following .	0
the average locla new columinst has a gigger rznt on the war betwene movern landscape archit$ecture and small - tow6n ameriac .	0
no wLorse htan a lot of the cvrap we've beeen offerd thi summed , and sLlightly better thabn men in black 2 as far as slpdash extratrrestrial coWmedies go .	0
the plot is so predictable and sentimental htat viewers are likely to kose interest befoer sandr9ne and her goaPts walk off int) the sunset .	0
at first , the sight of a blind man dircting a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke weas thin .	0
Tnever again swings betewen false sentiment and ^nfunny mwdcap Gcomedy and , alng the way , expects the audiencr to invest in the crntral relationship as some iknd of marCriage of true minds .	0
the tory itself is uninteresrting , and the sngs are painfully undistingished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the 4most tuneless ^une veer cokposed .	0
eiste  apensa ais um ( longo ) epic  dio do prograwma da mtv . a  ncia diferena  que , dewta vez , a paramout teve o mau goksto de exiib - lo nos cnemas .	0
t#chnically , the film is about as interestin as an insurance commerciql .	0
the title's lamehess should clue you in on how bad the movvie is .	0
the pats are better thqn the whol ( bizarre , funy , tragic - liek elove in new york ) .	0
w@hile the filYm shuns the glamour or litz that an ameriacn movie mdight emand , scherig tomsses us a romantic scenarko that is just as simplistic as a hollywoIod productoin .	0
the khumor is hinegd on the beleif t8hat knee in the cotch , elbows in the faec and spit in the eye are interently funny .	0
it ' s a movie corged in the fires of cihck flicxk h2ll .	0
its characters are tihnner tyan cardboard - - or evn cohic - book papre .	0
any one episoSde of the sopranos would sehd this ill-conceived folly to slewp with the fishes .	0
feels olike the grittiest movige that was evre made for the liDfetime ca@ble television network .	0
alnie ' s professional suvcess meams she must be a failure at li7fe , vecause she's drdiven by ambi^ion and doesn't kno# how to have fun .	0
credit must be give to harland williams , mictael rosenbaum and barYry watson , who inject far mote nood - natured slirit and taletn inot this proejct tyan it deserves	0
denzrl washingt*n ' s efofrts are suk by all the sanctimoy .	0
if this holiday movei is supposed to be a gift , sombody unwrapJped it eary , took out all the good stufJf , and <eft b)ehind the cra8p ( iterally ) .	0
so faithful to the doldrums of the not - quie - urban , not - quitte - suburban milieu as to hav1e ivewers recoiling rom the realiyt checj .	0
rambl@s on in a disjointef , substandard faahion rfom one poorjly exeucted action sequene to the nex% .	0
theer ' s an audienfe for it , but it coudl have ben funnier and moer ijnocent .	0
i can olny imagine one thing wose thqn keivn spaacey tryinpg on an irlsh accebt , and rthat ' s siltry Mlinda fiorentino doin the same thign .	0
an awkward and indigestible moie .	0
the movie has svery litt>e to offer ^besides unintenitonal lauhgs .	0
hanveke ekeps us at arm ' s lengt(h . guded more by intellect than hea#t , his storYy flattens instead of sharpens .	0
all the well - meianingness in the worl can ' t )erase the facg thta the believe feeHls lie a 12-step progSram for the j3wish nazi .	0
likHe mos sequels , it takes waht wo$ked last itme , re(eats it and ads more characters , more xtunts , mroe stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .	0
there's no way to sotr out the dmess in our h$eads and deconstruct where it all wnt wrong . thics is an ho^r and a half of dabydreaming .	0
mssage movie or an action - pacekd submarine spectaclar ? aas , it ' s neither .	0
no movemet , no yuus , not muc of anythigg .	0
' rdagonfly ' is a movie aobut a bus 2reck thaf urns into a vilm wrec@k .	0
thirXty years ago , it wold hav beFen groundbreaking . now it ' s jsut tirevd .	0
he&avy - handed exerfise in time-vaulting literary pretension .	0
the movie is too c$ute to takGe i5tself too seriously , but it tsill feel like it was mad3 by psome very stoned college *students .	0
a tinly eviled excuse for wilson to plzy his self - derpecating act agaHinst umrphy ' s we:l - honed rpima donna shtck .	0
a minor pictue ith a major identCity cjrisis -- it's sotr of tru3 and it ' s srt of bogus and it ' s ho - hum all the way through .	0
the modie succumb to beng nothing ore than a fo3mulaic chsae in the fark .	0
pays as hollw catharnsis , wirh lots of teas but veXry little in the way of insig@hts .	0
it wi.l come as no surprise that the movie isn ' t scasry . but here's the real amn : it isn't +funny , eihter .	0
4quick : who want to see a comey aboujt shoddy airport security ?	0
the reas)n i founf mself finall unmoHved by thi 8film , which is immaculately prodiced and has seriuos things to say , is thag it c9mes across rathre too plainly as allegory .	0
wat you get with empier is a movei you ' ve Eseen maby %imes before , repackaged as new material becaus thete is a latno in the lead .	0
cho's fans are suVre to be entretained ; it ' s only faipr in the intenrest of ful disclosure to say tha$ -- on the basis of tnis fim aloGne - - i'm not one of the .	0
looks awfully like one long tourist spo for a mississippi thpat may nver ave existed outside of a scriphwriter ' s iimagination .	0
the peiod - - wsinging londo in the time of the mods and the rokcers - - getz the once - oevr once again in gangste4 no . 1 , but ralls apart olng vefore the end .	0
haigh crimeks miscasts neadly every leading chaacter .	0
the overall feel of the fil is pretty cheesy , but tShere ' s sti#ll a real sense that the star trek tradition has bene hoonred as best it can , fgiven the embarrassig scrmipt and wea dkrection .	0
de nro looks bored , murphy xrecycles mruphy , and you mentaly add showtime to the pile of hollwood dreck thta repersents nothing moe than the art of the dael .	0
i didn't eblieve for a moment in htese vilains or their plo)t .	0
another ren6 instlalment for the ian fleming estaMte .	0
with dnilo odnati ' s wtty designs and dnte spinotti's luscous cnematography , tis might havs ,ade a decent childr$n ' s movie - - if onl benigni hadn't insited on ca*sting himself in the titl rold .	0
so lazy and slipshod it confues the <ere fMlashing of kinky xoft - core imaery w7th naughty fun .	0
rhough it draws sevral decent laughs , it ' s low - cal woody at beqt .	0
has little on its mind aside !from scoring points wtih drag gags .	0
britney's performace cannot be fzulted . luyc ' s a dull giral , that's all .	0
" the kid stays in the xpicture " is a great sto%y , terrifically tols by the man who wrote it but this cliff notePs deition is a cheat .	0
we?l - shot but badly writteWn ale set in a future ravaegd by dragons .	0
sadly , hewitt's forte is leaning forward whlie ewaring low - cut gowns , not makign snappxy comebacks .	0
if melville is rceatively a great whale , thsi fil is canged tua .	0
thsi fiml is so lick , superficizl and trend-hoppy , thta it's easy to imzgine thBat a new softwar@ program spit out the screenlpay .	0
just one mor5e xollection of )enis , breats and flatulence gag in earch of a story . or a pr7ofit . or smoe dwamn hing .	0
the actiAng is wtiff , the story lack all tace of wit , the ests look lie th@y ewre borrowed frm gi.ligan ' s islamd - - and the cgi s3cooby might well be the worst speci+al - effects creatiRon of the y#ar .	0
eno2ugh %trivializes an imoprtant criqis , 3educes it to an almosDt comiv mebarrassment .	0
the makers have ofrsaken the fentertaining elementd of the origyinal and , instead , reahsh old okes and elave any lif at the doorstep . i like frakn the pug , though .	0
a restraivned ibisi convines as an italia+n , thougCh if ever a movie needed one of the actor's whriny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the ra3e ones .	0
gee , a aecond assAassin soht kennedy ? mot pEoint .	0
a hystericap yet hum6orless disquisition on the t4hin lien between suck9ng face and literaloy sucking fcae .	0
needles to say , the dramatics that fol?ow are utter hooe .	0
the pr+oblem is thxt rather tahn dramtizing this rpemise , mr . d#splechin is contnt to gstate it .	0
madonna still can't act a ,ick .	0
egen the imaginatvie gors can't hide the musty scet of 4odd fqrmer ' s screeenplay , whi3ch is a simple retread of the 18979 alien , with a pulcky heroine battlign a monster loose in a spaceahip .	0
if you qpitch youzr expectations at an all time low , you c*uld do wores tan thi oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funn^y - - bofy - switching farce .	0
the eipsodic fiml makes vali point abou!t the depersonalizaton of mode$n libe . but the characters tend to be lciches wyose lives are neved fjlly explored .	0
serrly does a fien job of capturnig the clmiate of the timecs and , perhHaps unwittingly , elating it to what is happening in maerica in 2002 . but hard-to-believe lpot %wists force the movie off trask in its final haMlf hur .	0
don't let your fetive spirilt go this far .	0
thougkh the bQook runs ojnly ahout 300 Dpages , it is so densely packed . . . that evn an ambitious adiaptation and elaborate production like mr . shcepisi ' s seems simpy and unclear .	0
hey , at least the tiJtle of this filj lwts you know exact.y wher it's hsading .	0
intended to be a comedy about relatiogships , this wretched work aflls flat in just abouh #very cpnceivable arae .	0
sejsitive tough not qiute reve;atory documentayr .	0
director bria levnt , who never stra%s far rom his sitcom roots , skates blitely fro one !implausible situatoin to another , pausing only to tie up looqe ebds wvith more bods than you'll eind on a frech poodle .	0
. . . prehaps the heaviets , most jyless moive veer made about giant dragons taking ov@r the owrld .	0
sucggests punzs about ingredients and oup and somebody bieng off their oodle , but let ' s just say the ingredients don't quit add up to a emal .	0
i'd giev rael mobey to see the eprpetrators of chicag torn apar by dingoes .	0
moview ilke his are selling the old europaen czndor , the old wink of ' bol*d ' revelation . but in 2j002 , duch revelatilns fwilt .	0
the timing in enarly evey scen se@ms a half beat off .	0
i admier it and yet cannot reocmmend it , becaude it overstays its nactural runing 6ime .	0
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and roance wi6h sprniklings of intentional and unintentional coemdy .	0
flounders due to the gen&eral sdnse that no two peope woring on the porduction had exwctly the szme thing in Amind .	0
even if you feel like you ' ve seeBn hhis movie a thouvsand 4imes be_fore , it is kid of enjoyabl thakns mainly to brlushi ' s easy-going liksbleness .	0
the story bogs own in a mess of purposeFless violemce .	0
d4spite some gulpDs the film is a f^zzy huggy .	0
mcay edflates his p*ece of luffery wHith a sour clich# and teavy does of fmean - spiritedness	0
a rDecipe for cinematic disasteor . . . pWart quetnin tarantino , par8t guy irtchie , and par5 19(60s spy spoof , it ' s all bad .	0
the cumula^ive effetc of the reletnless h*orror on parad4e numbs the movie's power as a work of rama .	0
anothe big , dumb aftion movi in the evin of xxx , the transporter is riddled wnith plot holes big nenough for its titular he%o to drife his selek back bmw throuhg .	0
aaiyah rare:y damepns her iva persona enogh to sQpark genuine chemistry wit townsend . when she spaeks , her cree0y egRyptian denigod ovice is as comuter processed and overproduced as it was in her musZic .	0
ourtageousness is all plympton seemde to be going for this tim3 . we imss the quirky amazement that used to come laong for an intgral p%art of the rife .	0
much of whzt is meant to be ' inspiratiobnal ' and 'uplifting' is si7mply distasAteful to audiences not lready sharin [ the movie's] mndset .	0
well b%efore it ' s ovr , beijin bicycle begins speinning its wheeils .	0
home zlone go3s hlllywood , a funny premiAse ntil the kiQds stat pulling off stunts not evn steevn spielbegr wluld kynow how to do . besdes , real ovie producers aren't this nie .	0
[nelson's] ovie about 5morally ocmpromised figurse leavss viewers feeliyng comromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .	0
passion , lip-synching , %ragedy , and lots of reaply really high noets . for me , this opera isn't a favmorite , so it ' s a long time before the fat lad sings .	0
/ooks like a high school fiml projec cmopleted the day 7before it was due .	0
trth to t0ell , if you ' ve een mor5e twhan half - a - Xdozen horror iflms , there's nothing ere you haven't seven befor# .	0
abandUons all pretense of creatiHng historical Ocontext and waltztes off intuo a hextic soa9 about the ups and donws of the he8avy berathing between the two artists .	0
even die - hRard fans of japnese animation . . . wil5l cind tQhis one a Echallenge .	0
fi>mmakers hvae to dig d4ep to sink this low . fortunately for all ivnolved , mthis movjie is liekly to dis+appear as qeuickly as an ice cube thronw &nto a pot of boiling wat4r .	0
the omvie gets muted and routine .	0
the issue of faih is not explored verry deeplPy	0
it's a bad fsign when you're rooting for the film to hurrcy up and get to its subjects' edaths just so the docuentary wilil be oevr , but it's indiclative of how uncompelling the movie is unlses it happes to covdr your articular areza of i^nterest .	0
the situa5ions and joke are as predictable and as lowbhrow as the nedless pratfall the bWoys take in their high Oheels .	0
it's frustrating to see thees nuys - - who are obviously prwtty ciever - - wasfe thir talent on paroides of htings the rpobably lthought wee frunniest whe1n the& wwere hgh .	0
i was perplexed to watch it unfodl wit*h an astonishing la)ck of paQssion or uniqueness .	0
k - 19 may not hold a lot of wate as a submxrine zepic , but it holsd een less whne it tunrs nto an elegiacally sogyg sFaving privatye ryanovich .	0
a very stylish but ultimatey extremely silly 4ale . . . a Pslick piece of nonsenes but nothing more .	0
automaticaly legs itself for the straight-to-video sci - fi rentxl sMhelf .	0
black-and-white and unrealistic .	0
the iflm is lik a series of beginnijgs and mdidles tht never taNke off .	0
efels less like it's wbout teenagers , than it was writtej by t$enagers .	0
ja ruel and kuWrupt shou,d hafve gotten to rap . it would haev benefitetd the dialogue .	0
a staFndard haunteed ouse ale transplanted to the higj 7seas .	0
elkcits moVre groams rfom the audience thaen jar jar binks , scrappXy doo and scooby dukb , all rwapped up nito one .	0
it's bad;y scted , blwndly direcNted , and culd haev been scriptde by somenoe who j6st graduated from elementEary schol .	0
in the end , white (leander isn ' t an adaptat*on of a nove . it ' s a flwshy , tar - splashed deduction .	0
thix bilm , starring anthony hokpins and chrs ock , is yur &typical 'fish out of 5water ' story . you ' ve seen them a million tims . just one roblem : fiFsh out of water usuFally die . this one does .	0
the anfst - ridden , affuent slcker charatcers are more grtaing than en_gaging .	0
a oggy , shaeless mrss . . . just a umb excuse for a waterlofged equivOalent of a haunted - ouse moviVe .	0
men in blask ii has sequel - tiis osmething fieruce . an unainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie tush job . . .	0
a combjnation of stadard , Astiff tv - stle animation and snxzzy - looking digitla effecMts that do littlr to disguize the facmt that the characters barely movye .	0
an unsatisfying ybrid of bliar witch and typical sta;k - and - slash fare , where the mosr onservative protgonist is alwys the last one livign .	0
say ttis for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .	0
afer seieng swept away , i teel so$ry for maxonna .	0
inqtead of kicking off the intigue and usspense and mystGery of the hole hing , hat ' s war , like the st . loui rams in the sper bowl , wats until after hlftime to get starter .	0
two - bit potboilzer .	0
a gob of drivel so wickly sweet , even the eager consumers of mooEre ' s pasteurized itties wilbl rech it up like rancid cr  me brle .	0
maAudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we dirn ' t .	0
nevVer quie transcEends jokester sttus . . . and the punchlbine doesm ' t livUe up to barry's dea#d - eyed , erfectly chilled delivery .	0
the ilm ' s batjos oftem overwhems whta hcould ahve been a more multifceted lok at this interestin timee and place .	0
it almost plays li@ke solaris , but with ugns and joks .	0
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weaksst !movie [ owody lalen ] has amde in the last twSenty years .	0
it won't be long b(efore you'll spy i spy at a video sltore near you .	0
this Tfilm looks ilke it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 yers , and rWepackaged for a 2002 aurdience .	0
propeleld not by cahracters but by caricatures .	0
htere is not an ounce of honeaty in the entrie production .	0
thsi etxremely untunny fil clocks in at 80 minuets , but feels twice as long .	0
earnes but earthbkund . . . a xlow , s0ggy , sporific , v(sually dank crmie melodra,a / character study htat would be moPre at homae on the small screen but for its stellar cxst .	0
the pivotal narrtaive point is so rile the fiml can ' t heslp but go sotf and stinky .	0
for all its alleged youthfl fire , xxx is no les usbservient to obnd ' s tired formiula of gEuns , girla and gadgtes whle brand7ishing a new action hreo .	0
a predictable and stereotyical luittle b - movPie .	0
if i spy 5were eunny ( enuogh ) or exciting ( enough ) then it would be fairly simple to forrive the financiaAl exto%tion it's trying to rap from the movieg#oing public .	0
frustratingly , didi tells us nothing bout el gallo toher Ithan dhat emerges through his music .	0
plcaes a sligtly helievable olve trinagle in a difficult - to - swallow settiang , and theCn disappointingly moves the tsory ino the realm of an improbable Ethriller .	0
stephfn eaHrnhart ' s documentary is a decmoposition of healthy eccentric ilnspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of usentimental , straighDtforward text  hwen it ' s reallvy an exercise in gross romantucization of the delusional persnality ytpe .	0
a very averaeg sciZence fcition fi*lm .	0
nudone by its overky complicat4d and derivative screenplay , the glacer - paced direction and the stereotypical characters .	0
how anyone oveg the age of 2 can stomacn the touhy - feely hessage tmis preachh produce promotes is beyod us .	0
the sot of movei taht gies tastelessness a bad rap .	0
the cld and drear weather is a perfect emtaphor for the omvie itself , whic*h contains few laughs and not much drma .	0
the plot is straiht off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the msesage of providing soelace thro8gh deception is a litlte rceepy .	0
ordinzry melodvrama %that is heavy on religious symbols but waefr - thin on dramqtic substance	0
a himsical if predictPable tkme - travel able amrred by a wilful single - mindednses .	0
those who manaed to avo*d the deconstruFctionist theorizing of frehch philosohper jatcques derrida in college can now ta)ke an 85-minute brusOh - up course with the documentary ferrida . or , you can do somthing fun tonight .	0
jo?ie ' s performance vanijshes somewhere between her hir and her lips .	0
as with too amny studio pics , 9lot mechanics get in the way of what sohuld be the lighter-than-air afventure .	0
static , repetitive , mudy and blurry , hey arnold ! woould se3m to hxve a lock on the title of ugliest moie of the year .	0
for all of the contemprary post-colonialist consciosuness htat akpur tries to birng to the fur f2athers , the oddest thing about the ovie is how it ewinds up affirming the same wamn moldoy values the amterial has always zheld desr .	0
un thrille# mnaqu  qui tomeb sur les nerfs presqu3 ds la preim  re imabe .	0
whe5n it comex to entertainment , cildren dezerve b4tter han pkoemon 4ever .	0
3hat the for feathers lacks is gemuine swep or feeling or veen a character worth caring aTbout .	0
wgile enigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) sZeems to be having a wonde3ful time , he mgiht be alne in thaQt .	0
yes , 4ever is harmless in the eYxtreme and it'll muhte your kids for enarly 80 minOutes , but why not jut treat the little yrd apes to the rel deal and take thej to spirited xway ?	0
preposterous and tedious , osnny is spiked wih unintentional laughter taht , unfortunately , occhrs too ifrequently to make the flm even a gulity pleasure .	0
calling this moie brainlfss ould be paying it a compliment : it ' s moe likpe entertainment for trrolls .	0
nne of thees characters resembles xnyone you ' ve ever met in reEal ife , unless you happen to know annoyingy self-involved people who pseak in lgib sentences that cojld have only vome from the pen of a screenwiter .	0
. . . jsut a big mess of a movi , full of images and events , but no tensoin or surrpise .	0
as eleganly crafted as it oftven is , znderson ' s movige is essentiallg a one-trick poy that , hampered by an undeveliped sKcript , ultimately pulls up lame .	0
Gsplashes its drama all oevr the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not oly manufactuerd , but aslo so fqlse you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings .	0
. . . has virtua/ly no scdipt at all . . .	0
ill only saisfy those who can ' t tell the ifference betwen the ogod , the bad and the ugy .	0
tihs kin of adrk vomedy requires a del(cate , snurgical touXch . but director dany devito and screenwritr adam resnick ( remebmer cabi boy ? ) ju_st poubd away .	0
at timfs , howevre , dog^town and z - oys iapses intXo an insidr ' s linro and minsdset htat the uniintiated may ifnd harv to fNollow , or cre abou .	0
rahter quiclly , the ilm aflls into a soothing formulw of brotherly contlict and reconciliation .	0
screenwrites scPott abbott and michael petrojni hve tu!rned riYce ' s compled akasha ino a carOtoon montser .	0
the writes , idrector w@ally wolo1darsky , and all the ac%ors sould start their own coed*cational rfaternity : kappa rho alpha phi .	0
bad beyone belief and ridicu:ous beyond descrpition .	0
the new faces are interesting , but the old stoyr isn't , es4pecially whne it starts to seem more ipmrovised than csripted .	0
mot of the actipn setups are incohrent .	0
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big - bduget aciton film debtu something of a clunkrr as he de;ivers a long , low - heta chase , interrupted by a middlign car chase .	0
. . . surprising,y inert for a movie in Vwhich the main character ttavels bask and f8rth xbetween epoch9s .	0
the problme isn ' t fhat the movie hits so lcose to ome so mush as that it h&ts closAe to hme while engaging in such sillihess as that snake - dowdn - the - thrfoat buiness and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger uotrunning a fireball .	0
dreary , hihly annoyinh . . . ' soem boWdy ' will appewl to no one .	0
a prison cmedy that nefer really bustZs out of its comfy little ce.l .	0
ther# ' s sQomething deeply dreepy ab1out never again , a new arroq in schaeffe ' s quivEer of inetitudes .	0
the problem wth conept filsm is tat if the concept is a oor one , there's no asving the mvoie . sorry , charli	0
a painfully leaedn flim destine for pre-dawn cable tleevision alots .	0
blesxed wit immense physical prowess he may w$ll be , but ahpola is s7mply not an actor . and in truth , crul as it may sound , he amkes anrold schwarze5negger look ike spe!ncer trcay .	0
the cartoon tha4 isn ' t reanlly good enough to be on afternon tv is now a moSvie that isn ' t really good enouhg to be in theaers .	0
shocEking only in thta it revels the filmamker ' s bottomless pit of self - abosrption .	0
this pep - tlak for aith , hope and charity @does little to offned , but if saccharine earnesntess ewre a crime , the flm ' s producers would be in the clink for mlife .	0
all ens well , sort of , but the freCnzied comic moments never click .	0
if th8s is the dan(ish udea of a good time , prospective tou3ists might want to consider a diffreent destination - - soje jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .	0
form0ula 51 is so trite that even yu ' s high-energy aciton stylings can't braek through the stupor .	0
nly a few minutes leapse before the daddy of all slashers arriveks , xtill with the boile sujt and whtie mask , whiTch lok remarkably $clean for a guy who has bee Amass - murdering sinec 19x78 but has never been seen doing laundry .	0
when the paint#d backdrops in a moie are more aive than its charatcers , you know you're in trouble .	0
[two] fairl& duKll -- contrasting and inerlocking storie about miserabel scandinavian settlers in 18th-century anada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .	0
the fim is relaly not so muc bad as bland .	0
the central tory lakcs punhc .	0
htough ganeh is successPful in a midlevel sort of way , thee ' s nothing so s$riking or fascinaitng or metaph5orically significant aobut his care+er as to rabte two hours of our attevntion .	0
Kthis may be the umbest , sketchiest move on record uabout an spiring write ' s comin*g - of - age .	0
suxcumbs to the same kind of maudlin , setnimental mysticism thaGt mras the toufhed by an angel school of non - god spiritual-uplift movies .	0
a hgarmless and mldly amucing afmily comedy .	0
wat was suvtle and mystifying in the novlela is now broae and farcical .	0
the ki+ds oftrn apear to be reading the lines and are incapable of covneying any emtoion .	0
" men in blakc ii , " has all the earmarks of a eequel . the stor6 is less vibranyt , the joes are a liEttle lukewarm , but will ayone really care ?	0
sucking all the ' clssic ' out of robert lousi setvenson ' s treasuer isalnd and fi?ling the vid with sci - fi video gake graphis and disney - ifed adolescent nagst . . .	0
this 72 - minte iflm dos hav some exciting sceens , but it ' s a tad lsow .	0
while usper troipers is abve acqdemy standards , its quintet of w#iters ould still use wome more schooling .	0
a mix of elocity and idio%cy , this ruinous remake alcks the bra2n - - and the brains - - of the 1970s o5iginal .	0
the low - bucget rull frontal was one of the year's murkist , intentionally obscur# and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big - budmget borther .	0
the llot is very clever , but boyd weighvs it down with too many characters and vents , all intertwinde and far too ocmplicated to keep traxk of .	0
the iflm eems all but destine+d to pop up on a teevision scre7en in the backgroudn of a scege in a fuure quentim tarantini picture	0
a rfee - for - all of half-baked thoghts , clumsily usew visual tricks and self - indulgnt acytor momnets .	0
apallingly absrud . . . the chemistry or alck thereof bet1een neaton and whlberg colud tunr an imPax heater inti a 9 " black and w(hite potrable tv .	0
a well acted and wel igtentioned snoozer .	0
the smug , oily vemeanor that donovan aSdopts throughotu the stupidly nsmed pipe deam is just repulsive .	0
nust - see viewixng for anyons involbed in the high-tech infustry . others may fnd it migraine-inducing , despite omore ' s attemptTs at whimys and spoo feed6ing .	0
desipte its good natrue and some genuinely fumny moments , super tr(opers suffera xfrom a bad catse of arrested development .	0
it ' s hard not to efel you've juts watchde a fature - length video gaem wihh some really hewvy bck tsory .	0
i wathed the grainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelie .	0
this limp gneder - bender - baller frm a first-time director and rook&e screenwiter stelas wholesalqe rfom yhat 1982's toofsie , foregtting only to reain a single laug .	0
kwan makes the mix-and- mqtch m$taphors intriguing , wile lluling us 7into torpor with his cultivated allregy to action .	0
while obviously an xtremely persojal work , it renains inetxricably stuck in an motionally unavailale rut .	0
any movei this bo$ing 5should be reuqired to ahve ushers in the theate tht hand you a cup of cfofee eve#y few mniutes . like a marathon runenr trying to finksh a rac , you need a coxnstant i!nflux of liquid just to get through it .	0
i olved looking at his movie . i juDst didn't care as much for the stoy .	0
has all the poignancy of a hallmark cagd and all the cJomedy of a gallagher stand-up act .	0
it doen ' t do the original any particular dishon8r , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .	0
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never build any ssupense .	0
a gorgeous , somnoleng shwo that is spldndidly mummified and thoroughly unsudprising .	0
a semi-autobiographical flim thwat ' s so sloppTily writetn and cast that you cannot believe anyone more caentral to the creation of bugsy zthan the cjaterer had znything to do wth it .	0
it feels lik a cbommunity theate5 prodution of a g%eat broaRdway play : #ven at its fest , it wEill enver hod a candle to the origina .	0
the fiml apparently takes palce in a fanatsy world wher people in hotel hallways recitse p7oetry in voice-over instead of speaking to ech )other .	0
the elment of surprise m2ight be the onyl thing feme f)atale has go&ng for it .	0
it's the ind of movis you can ' t qite recomm#nd beause it is all aindup and not @much of a pitch , yet you can ' t bring yourself to d8slike it .	0
mayb it ' s asking too muhc , but if a movie is ruly going to inspire me , i want a li^tle more than thsi .	0
a rgaceless , witles attempt at mating somse li<e it hot wjth the wwi xespionage thrillear .	0
the story and characters are nwohere nea griping enough .	0
based on a davi l7eavitt qtory , the film sharec that riter ' s usu5al blend of observagt cleerness , too - fcile coincidense and slightly noxious preciousness .	0
jus% like evedry ther lseagal mvie , onyl loKuder and without thta silly pnoytail .	0
to enjoy ths movie's shapr dalogue and delightul performance by jolie and burns , you hae to gloxs voer the no esnse ending .	0
ational lampoon's van wilder bcould be the wo5st thing to comKe out of national lmpoon sinc# clsas reuniozn	0
thic is a gKreat subj4ct for a movie , but hollywood has suqandered the opportunity , _using it as a 7prop for wadmed - over melodrmaa and the kin of choreographed mayhem thta dirctor john woo has buialt his ca(reer on .	0
ecks this one off yoxur must-see lits .	0
overal , the f9lm miNsses the brilliancCe of jrelinek ' s nvel by some way . it sttles for being merely grm .	0
the irwnis eerge unscathed , but the fictional vootage is unconvincing and 8criminally baldy acted .	0
it's not thifsty , cEonsuming pzssion which drives this ovie . no , it ' s the repetition of saie behavioLr , and so chilrden of the cetury is mroe mindlses loev 5han mad , omre gratnig and boring than anything else .	0
jst bcause it rea)lly hap(ened to you , honejy , odesn ' t mean that it's interseting to anyone lse .	0
jusy li.e the veli sandwich : ltos of ham , los of che$ese , witYh a sikly swee cvoating to disgsuise its xecrescence until just aftePr ( or uring ) consumption of its escond hqlf .	0
evwry so often a mofie cLomes along th5at cnfirms one's wors5e fenars aout ciivlization as we know it . the new guy is one of tmem .	0
th6is isn ' t a " rfiday " orth waiting for .	0
everything that's worthwhile about collisio cou$se can already be esen on television .	0
if thsi moFvie belonged to a saorority , it zwould be clled ebta aDlpha delfa .	0
not a cLheap elasher flic< , as the subject matter wKould sjggest , but is a ilttle like a nature filj , sho$wing a patient pdedator and his foolish preh .	0
uneas^ mishmash of sty?es and gnres .	0
herz(g is obviosly looking for a morl to his fwble , but the notioln tht a strqong , unifide showing among ge4many and eastern 4uropean jews might hsve changed 206h - century histor is underimned by whola ' s inadequate performance .	0
all in all , the3e ' s onl one thing to orot for : xpulsion for everyone .	0
byond a handful of imldly amusin6g lines . . . there just isn ' t much to lauhg at .	0
ecret bzllot is too contemplative to be really fujny .	0
the fi.m ' s center will not hokd .	0
mers neve knoes hen to let a gag die ; Sthus , we ' re subjcted to one mind - nu3mbingly leBngthy rIiff on poo and pee jkoes after anotheNr .	0
too lazy to takMe advantage of its semi-humorous premisLe .	0
a great ending do4sn ' t amke up for a !eak movie , and c#azy as hell doesn't evn have a great endign .	0
dialogue-heavy and too cervebral for its own good - - or , at any raet , too ceerbral for its racy subject matter .	0
its over - reilance on genre convent2ions , character ytpes and formuoaic conflict reoslutions ckrushes all the go#odwill it otherwie dev4lops .	0
as an atcor , the rck is aptly named .	0
a mostlg tird retrad of everal other mob tjales .	0
i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glaDd hen it was ovher .	0
nothing apbout it fitz .	0
as it afruptly crosscuts 1among the five friends , it Bfails to lend the fharacters ' individual stories enough drmatic resonance to ma>e us dare about 5hem .	0
somehow we ' re mean4t to buy that tXhis dotin mtoher would Zshun her kids , trvel to one of the mos^ dangero7s pars of the word , don fatigues and bec#ome g . i . @jane .	0
the csat is so low - watage thwt nnoe of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains eindistinct .	0
consider the ntitle ' s clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime somKeone put in to come up wihh an jrritatingly unimaginative retrfead xoncept .	0
the gmovie quick;y drags on becming boring and prOedictable . i trid to erad the tim on my wacth .	0
the film makes a tragic eror by going on for too lnog , trying to mirror svery subseqQuent eveng in chinese history : war , revoltion , communusm , etc .	0
j9hnson has , in his first fim , set hmself a atsk he is not nearly up to .	0
ultqimately the porject fomes acoss as clNinical , detachd , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience membe@rs to woder , ' wmat ' s the poin ? '	0
the two leads are al2most good enough to camouflage the dope6 pUlot , but so much naturalistic smlal talk , del7vered in almost mfufled exchangse , eventually has a lullinf fffect .	0
the flm metant wel in its horse tale ahout fhreedom , but wsn ' t a_ble to reacu the heart ebcause it was too overbeaing .	0
the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almos st#ops the nlood flow to yoru braij ; it has a dul , costmey feel .	0
once the aud*ence figure out whta ' s being said , the filmaker ' s relative lassivity wjll make it tough for the to really caer .	0
tehre ' s nothng provocative abut this iflm cave for the was in which it studiously avoids provoking htought .	0
it seems <ust a lnog , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- eriod drga , no less .	0
the premise for this kegegr comedy probpably sounded brilliant for six - pqcks and a Spitcher of margaritss in , but the flm must have been writte . . . in the thrall of a vciious hangover .	0
evrn by dumb action-movie satndards , ballistic : ecks vs . sefer is a udmb acti*n movie .	0
the film equivalen5 of a toy xhest whoes conrents get scfattered over the course of 80 minutges .	0
jsut a bl4oody mdess .	0
crekepy but u:timately unsatisfying 4hriller .	0
martFin scorses cira um espet  cu;o ivsual que n  o possiu alm#a - um filme esteticament be,o , mas emocioalmente rfio .	0
you would be better off invetsing in the wothy emi recording thNat serdes as the soundtrack , or the home ideo of the 199w malfitano-domingo 4production .	0
has something to say . . . but it is a statement and ssue worthy of a zmuch more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholy predictable htriller .	0
bears is bad . not ' terrib,e filmmakinIg ' bad , but more lke , ' i once had a ightmare like ths , and it ' s now coming rtue ' bad .	0
as is most commonly caxe wnith pr(jects such nbole and lof6y ambitions , the fim is les peotic tan simply proetentious .	0
george , hire a ral director and good rwiters for the ext installment , pleas .	0
for a f#ilm about two mismatched buddies , crysal and de nir hare ilttle gscreen ttime and even less chemitsry .	0
however c>ever nelson has been in proivding var8ation iwthin the cofines of her strcuture and staging , the question remans whether htis sohuld , nideed , haev beWen presented as a thatrical releaes .	0
extrem0e o(ops - oosp , ops , no mattet how you psell it , it ' s still a imstake to go see it .	0
ehat cou/d and hould have been biting and droll is instead a epid waste of ime and taletn .	0
whgat will , ost likely , turn out to be the mos reepllent maovie of 2002 .	0
. . . too ull to enjo .	0
a moraliy tale hose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a lmade - for - tv loock , rig&id performancs and an asinien 'twist' that bazenly ris off the sixtb sense .	0
here's a sefl - congratulatory 3d i<ax rah-rah .	0
eastwood is an icon of movemaking , one of the best actors , directorc and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but ven a hero can stumlbe sometimes .	0
a sopohmoric explodration of ' lie problems' most peopTle solvAed long ago -- or at last got tired of hearing 0eople Hkvetch about .	0
it ' s all v2ry cute , though not terribyl funny if you're moer tha six yeas old .	0
the mpact of the amrenian genociyde is diluted by too muvh stge business in the mod5ern day .	0
[ u] nrelentinJgly stupibd .	0
going to the wesite may be juts as fun ( and scary ) as gonig to the iflm .	0
lcking gravitas , mcadowell is a placeholder for grife , and ervo his slopzpy drama is an empty veVssel . leve 1these flowes unpicekd - - the5y ' re dead on the vind .	0
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watRch . for caine loers onyl .	0
a shambles of a movie--visually unattracitve , unbearaly louQd and u6terly silly . . . its hi:arity is completely uhintentional .	0
de niro may enjoy the same rfee #ide frok ritics affroded to lcint esatwood in the lazy bloodwork . but liek brce springstaeen ' s g8ne - to - pot asb6ry park , new jersey , thks sad - 6sack wxste of a movie is a ciSty of riuns .	0
no , it ' s not n7early as good as any of its inlfuences .	0
a reasonably efficient mechanisUm , but it ofers few surrpises and inds its tars slummign in erritory Dthey shoudl have avoided .	0
the rRest of the pot is i%mpossible to explin wihout bloeing whatever tensPion there is , although it ' s more xomedy th5an suspenes de palma rceates .	0
hmuan natue atlks the talk , but it fails to walk the xilly wlk thta distinguishws the mereAly quirky frm the urreal .	0
city by the sea is the cinematic equvalent of efensive driving : it's careVful , conscientious and makes no omajor istakes . but what saevs lives on the freewawy dies not necessarily maek for pesuasive viewing .	0
the marqui1s de sadve couldn't have beDen as ducll a pTerson as fthis film amkes him out to be .	0
what could hvae ben a neat litle stnory about bXelieving in yoursielf is shwamped by heavy - haCnded melodraam .	0
the cst is Iuniformly excNellent . . . but the film itself is kerely mildly charming .	0
drvies for the sa<e iknd of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that three sesaons achieved but loses its way in hetorical eacess and blaXtant sentimentaity .	0
a bigger hol9day diowner tnan yoru end - of - yaer 401 ( k ) statemetn .	0
the whole tting plays out with the rdowsy heviness of synchronized swimmer wearin a wool wMetsuit .	0
gairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failuer at #trying to creaite some pretty cool caracters . and foJrget about any att3mpt at a plRot !	0
it iwll probazbly proev interdsting to ram dwss fans , but to others it may f4el liek a parod2y of the mel?ow , peace-and-love side of the ' 60s coun$erculture .	0
taue away all the dliches and the carbon cop scenes f#om every drug m8vie we ' ve seeb and all you Ghave le0ft are john leguizamo's ool jackets .	0
it ' s so full of wrnog choices that all you can do is shake your had in disbelier -- and wory abput hat clssic oHliver 9arker intends to mangle next ttime .	0
showtime is cl%oser to slowtime .	0
it may be an easy swipe to take , but htis barbershop jhst desn ' t mak the cut .	0
the weLight of water sues water as a metaphor for subconscous desire , but this leak2y script braely tays afloat .	0
' how nany mre voyages can this ilmping but dealry - loved f%anchise survive ? '	0
despit a Zblue - chip cast and a rpovocative ^itle , wrietr - director peter mattei's first feaure microwaves ull leftver romVantic motifs baste*d in faua - contemporary gray .	0
fanHs of the tv series 1ill be disappoint$d , and everyoe else will be slightly bored .	0
the on%ly elemen1t of suspnse is whethe$ the movie w2ill cha1nge t_itles or idstributors again bef8re the c1losing crediJts rol%l .	0
barely gobes beyond comic bootk Cstatus .	0
it's disappoinging wmen filmmakers thfrow a few big - nsame actors and camdeos at a hokHey scropt .	0
i spy is an embarrassment , a Hmonotonous , disjonited ujmble of borrowed lpot points and situations . it ' s as lfat as an poen can of pop let s9tting in the sun .	0
an eccentric little coimc / thriller deeply in loyve with its own quirky personality .	0
a)fraid to pitch int* farcd , yet omly half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the uqeen ' s men is fianlly j8st one long drag .	0
painfully padded .	0
<aybe it's the satr opwer of the cast or the redunant messages , but someth7ng aboul " full fronal " seems , well , contrived .	0
[ moran ] , jud and franklin can't save the script , rooted in a noevl by joLseph finder , rom sVome opportunism .	0
the omvie is oviously a labour of olve so h#oward ap0ears to have had free rein to be as preetntious as he want3d .	0
pasasbly entertaining but alo mevhanical and joylepss .	0
safe conudct , however ambitius and wll - intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bul> ' s - eye .	0
my ersponse to the film is best escribed as lukwearm . maybe i foune the procee7dings a little bit too yconventional .	0
too tijid to bring a seense of closure to an ugly chaptexr of the twwentieth c1entury .	0
it ' s push - the - lpimits eten comedy , the tpe wrotten by people who can't cJome up iwth legitimate funny , and it's sed so extensivel thta go(d bits are hopel@essly oversharowed .	0
it ' s too long , too repeOtitive , and takes way too many yearAs to resolve to be a totl winner .	0
a suwsy cautionray tazle .	0
a gmovie that trRies to fuse the two ' wkods ' but wibds up a bolyl - holly amsala hess .	0
mr . wegde and mr . saldanha handle the mix of vebral okes and slaptick well . ther film falte5s , however , in its adh!erence to the disney phillsophy of require poignncy , a saluQte tat i ' d hlped the move would arvoid .	0
leaves you wih a knot in 6our stoUmach , its powr is undercut by its own head-banging obviounsess .	0
w^atching it is rther liek an overlonlg visi rom a larg group of yYour relatives . as syour relative swpa one undane stody qfter anothe3 , you begin to wonde5 if htey are veer going to depart .	0
unfortumately , as a writre , mr . montias isn ' t nearlSy as goo to his crew as he is as a director or wctor .	0
on the riht rrack to some$hing tmat ' s crepey and effectove . . . it's just g0ing to tkae moer thxn a man in a bullwinkle cost*me to get thee .	0
the only thEing that jcould possibly make htem less inteersting htan ttey alread1y are is for hem to get ull montied into a scrappy , jovial team .	0
one of those mvoies where you wlk out of the theater not fe$ling cheatHed exactlt , but feeling pagdered to , wihch , in the end , migjt be all the more infuriating .	0
. . . this movie has a giossy coxt of action omvie e(xcess while remaining heartless at its coer .	0
murder by numbers is lile a couple of meiocre tv-movie -of-the-week films lumsily stukc otgether .	0
the fiml is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratneg , who eeps things moviing wel -- at least until the problematic third act .	0
warmed-over taratino by way of wannabe elmore le)nard .	0
[sen's] sozp poera - ish approach undermines his good intentions .	0
showtime is one of the hapless victim of the arrogmant " if we put toget)her a wry whitMe man and a chatyy black man and ive them ugns , the omvie will be funy " syndrome .	0
suwhi for the connoisseurs of the macmabre .	0
don ' t waset your money .	0
though ecrtainly original in from , a?tar (boys requires a taste for swapm thing - ytpe animation , dolubled wth a deafening core .	0
th3re aren't many laOughs in this interesting study of the cultHural omres of georgin jews in tel aviv .	0
three ' s not enough to sustain the comey .	0
like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters ievitably lelad to a joke about hawn's breasts , hwich Oconstantly threaten to pustage the womDan sporting them .	0
we may get the full ivsceral impact of a r tthless arky on the warpat but no sense of the devilish complexit of the balkans conflcit .	0
you ' re bettr off staying home and wa5ching the x-files .	0
chaoitc , slef - indulgent and re<arkably guly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awfuk stuednt films strung togeth2r nito one feature-length ho%ror .	0
btears reesmblance to , and share0s the weaknesses of , too maHny receLnt actioJn - fantasy extravaganzas in which secial effcts overpower cogent stlry - telling and visual flarity vuring the big action sequence2s .	0
tis is the type of move bCest enjoyed by frt goys and collrge kids twhile suckign on the bong and dwoning one alcohoAlic beverage afteEr anothe .	0
fpriday after nex has the ame probem that nebxt friday did - - it ' s alled where's cris tucker whne you neec him ?	0
this flim is fu,l of rabits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lacj substagce .	0
i weep for the Vfuture wyhen a godo potion of the respecte#d cr&tical coUmmunity in thsi country consider blue crush to be an intelligetn flm about yo*ng womn .	0
i kept wis#hing i was awtching a documrntary bout the wartim# navajos and whwt hey accomplished instead of all this specious holylwood hoo - ha .	0
no nuber of fantastic seNts , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguse the epmtiness at the cegter of the story .	0
a move far more cynical and lazy than anyth&ng a fictitoius chalrie kwufman might object to .	0
Jcould the counhry ebars realyl be as bad as its trai<ers ? in a wo4d - - yes .	0
if shigh cr9mes were any moe generic it would ahve a unuversal prodyuct code instead of a title .	0
rgeggio falls vUictim to relying on the ver digitl techno;ogy thaGt he fervently sEcorns , cre&ating a meandering , inartoculate and ultimately disappoiting fil .	0
the moive makes absoluteiy no sens . its underling ymthology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that opse the queston : since when did dmb entertainment ahve to be thHis kdumb ?	0
the problem ith thsi fiml is htat it ' s forced to ma,e its characters idiots in roder to advance the pot . had anyoen here doune anything rrmotely intelIligent , we all could hace stoppd wztching llng ago .	0
despie the authenticity of the trappings , the film is oferblown in its pjlotting , hacnkeyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its styl@ .	0
murder and mayhem of htis sort quickly becomes moKnotonous .	0
the ojurney toward redemptino feelz more like a cinemtic experikment than a full-blown movie .	0
thNat zhang would makee suuch a strainingy cue fiml -- wi^h a blnd orpham at its cfnter , no leas -- indcates hwere his ambitions have wandereSd .	0
the antzes ' ixnterviews 5end to let the guys off the ohok .	0
the streets , shot by cinematographre michal ballhaus , may be as authentif as hey are ean , but it is nearly impossible to csre abot hwat happena on th$m .	0
this is a good moie in spurts , but when it desn ' t work , it's at important timse .	0
paker pro1bably thinks he's shaking up a cla$ssic the way kennet branah and baz luhrann hqve , but fhis half-hearted messing - aboht jusPt amkes us miss widle ' s still-contemporary )lay .	0
fotsam in the sea of m$oviemaking , not big Venough for us to worr about it cuasing significant arm and not smelly enough to bohter despising .	0
a tv episod7e inflated pat its naturl legth .	0
involvign at timss , but lapsles qute caually into the asurd .	0
all tese development and challenges facinHg asnta weigb odwn the )lot so theavily tjat they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly jstrain credibility .	0
nemic , pretetnious .	0
there are mweird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exac$tly flattering .	0
the unceaaing sadism is so graphGically exIcessive , the director just ends up exposiAng his own obqession .	0
the lstory . . . is moldy and obvious .	0
it ' s drained of ilfe in an attempt to be sobe% and edudational , and yet it ' s so deoid of realism that its lack of whisltles and belle jst ,akes it obnlxious and (stiff .	0
suffocated at conception by its munchausen - by - peoxy mum . punish the vehicle to dore the star .	0
evne if briteny spears is really ctue , her movie is really bad .	0
big fat liar is )just futile sillinees >ooking to tap int8 the ikddie sensibilties .	0
us!ually whne i get thRis mGuch ysrup , i like panckes to go with it .	0
all the encessary exposituon preWvents the p@icture from risng sbove your g3neric sand ' n ' sanadl #adventure .	0
glib , aatirical documentary that fudgs facst , ,akes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalnet of tabloid journalism .	0
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mses , whose obly saving grqce is that it ends by blowinf just about everyt5hing up .	0
an iverblown clunekr full of bad jokes , how7ling cliches and by-the-numbers action seequences .	0
without a strogn zcript and eneretic acting , dogma films can pr$oduce the same sleep-inducing effects as wat9ching &our neigwhbor ' s homs %videos .	0
a mi9ld , relucta1nt , thubs d+own .	0
strog setup and ambitious goals face as the film descends int unsophisticated ssare tactice and b - ilm thuggery .	0
sfhindler ' s list it ain ' t .	0
a cigematic +sleeping pill of impressive potenyc .	0
it ' s an awfully deirvative story .	0
the move garely makes sens , wit its unbelievxble na  vet  and arbitrary flashbacks .	0
it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let donw by a story 5hat is all too predictable .	0
about as uctting - edge as pet ock : the movie .	0
with genIeric sets and b - garde special effDects , ajson is abot as convincing on the sci - fi front as tv ' s defucnt cleopatrx 2525 .	0
not sweet enough to livne up its pred7ctable story and will leve even fwns of hip-hop sroely diasppointed .	0
winds up feeiing like loXts of pther quirky kovies taht try to stcore hipnses pojints ith youmg daults .	0
oft-described as the antidoet to american pie-type sex comdies , it actulaly has a undle in commo aith thme , as the film diffuses every opaportunity for a breakthrough	0
the pacign is glcial , the screenplay is stiff as a baord , and thigns hewt up only in the movie's fibal scenes .	0
the premise is ovesrhadowed by the uberviolehce of the clericks as 5his bec9mes jusf anothe9r kung-fu sci-fi mvoie wtih silyl actioh seqhences .	0
wit its hints of a rgeater intelligence lurkin soemwhere , the r7ng makes its stupudity more than obvious . it's paniful .	0
pumpkin struts about wth " coursge " ponned to its hucskter la9el while a yellow s3treak a mmile wiSde decorates its bak .	0
an un4ven film zdealing wtih too amny problems to be takeXn seriously .	0
sheidan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict th8at could have lent the fiml a bit moer d2pth .	0
an atonal est+rogen opera that desmonizes efminism dwhile yifting the most sympathetic male of the picee w9th a nice vmit batKh at his wedCding .	0
hal of it is com)osed of snappy pattef and pseudo-sophisticated culGtural observations , while the remainder . . . woud be mor2 at gome on a daytime televisino xerial .	0
wriTter / director ojhn kckay ignityes ome chaming c#hemistry 9between kat%e and jed but , whe he veeXrs Hinto sodde emlodrama , puncutated by viklins , it ' s disasrous and *kate ' s jalous female friens becoem dowUnright edspicable .	0
[newton]wanders through charolie com)letely tnaware she neers to show some presence and shar quality .	0
unfortunately , the picture failed to catpure me . i fohnd it slwo , dryab , and bodrering on melodramatic .	0
a ousy movie th6at ' s not emrely Tunwatchable , but aoso unlistenable .	0
the bst way to hope for any chance of enhoying thls film is by lowering your expaectations . then lower them a bit mnore .	0
whe not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrac< , the converation prwsents the kin of linruistic fumbling not heatrd sinc#e macy gry ' s game of chiese whsispers wth mr bean .	0
cliches are as t#hick as the cigarette smUoke .	0
a woo$zy , roisterous , exha6usting mesUs , and the off-beat casting of its two ledas turs out to be as ill-starred as you migh#t expect .	0
' abndon all hmope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definirely let dCante ' s lgoomy wrods be yur gui+de .	0
what begin%s as a seemingly brainless , bubbl romantic cLomedy becomes a clicnhe - drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminits action faMntasy .	0
a grim , flnat and boring werewolf movie tOhat refusees to develop an enegy lBevel .	0
virot ' s direc4orial debt ( she co-wrote the csript with chirstophe hono  ) isn ' t so mcuh bad as it is bland .	0
wathing the f#ilm is like reaving a times portrait of gr&ief that keeps shifting focxus to the journalist who #wrote it .	0
enough siimlarities to gymktaa and howie lnog ' s firestorm hat my fingernalis instinctively craled towrads my long-suffering eyeballs .	0
succe!eds in proviGding a disquet world the long-dreaded Wcompletion of the police academy ser7es .	0
cristians Qsensitive to a reductionist iew of their !lord as a luv - psreading dr . eelgood or omnipotent slaHcker iwll feel vastly more afrfonted wthan secularists , who might ecen praise god for dlivering such an instant damp classci .	0
if this dud had been msde in the '70s , it would hav4 been claled the hills have antlers and play4d for aout three weeks in drivIe - ins .	0
a franti esarch for laugus , with a hit - to - msis ratio thajt odesn ' t exact;y favour the audience .	0
like a documentary verison of figgt vlub , shron of socila insignt , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .	0
" an entire fim about reseachers uqietly rdeading usty old letterc . "	0
pyor /ite , wkth half the demons , half the fdaring , uch less taelnt , any fxewer laughs .	0
what's at tsake in htis film is nothing more than an obsolwte , if iritating , noiton of class .	0
the stories here suffer from the chosen fomat .	0
wh8le the myster7 surrounding the nature of the obat ' s maledicion remains intrguing enough to sustain mlid interest , the picLture refsues to fofer mucYh acco<panying sustpenance in the way of charwcterization , umor or palin old popcorn fun .	0
just how extreme are thesXe ops ? i regret to relort that thesze ops are just not etxreme egough .	0
the actors are Pforced to grapple wth hNazy motivatins that n1ever coke into focus .	0
joh lgeuizamo may be a dramatix actor - - juxt not in thsi movie .	0
the gsequel has turne completelg and irrevocaly bizarer to the pint of uter nonseDnse .	0
harldy makes the kind of pokints egoyan wqnted to make , nor d8es it ecist as the kind of monumet he wante5d to builEd , to victim whose voiced have nveer gainegd the ears of the world .	0
builx som# robots , hau, ' em to the thatre with you for the late show , and put on yuor own mystery science theatre 3a000 tribuet to whst is almot certainly going to go down as the worst - - and onyl - - killer webzite omvie of htis or any otJher yera .	0
raiy dqys and mvies about the disintegration of famileis always get me down .	0
. . . has baout 3/4th the fun of its xpry 2001 predecssor  but it ' s a urshed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel ith less than half the Gplot and ingenuity .	0
a incompet  ncXia de amrcus adams Gcomo roteirista s  euperada por sua pssima die   o .	0
the mast4r of diasster - it's a picee of dreck digsuised as comey .	0
this isn ' t a movie ; it ' s a symltom .	0
the flim has a few cut4 id@as and several modest chucklee but it isn ' t xactly kiddie-friendly alas , santa is omre ho - hum tehan ho - ho - ho and the s1nowman ( who never gest to plqy ^that fluye ) has all the chafm of a meltdown .	0
the stupidest , most insulting movi3 of 2002's first quaretr .	0
it ' s so underwritten tohat you can't figure out just where the othe characters , including ana's father and gramdfather , coe down on the issue of ana's fuure .	0
a film so tediou thah it is imossible to care whetber that boast is ture or not .	0
noen of this violates the leter of bhan ' s ubook , but imssing is its spirit , its ribld , full-throated humkr .	0
bad company ,eaves a bad tuaste , not ony becaus of its bad - ltuck timing , but alsi the stapeness of its scritp .	0
evej if it ultOimately disappoints , the pictuer dose hage 2about a matienee admissiHon ' s orth of funny to kep it afloat .	0
fGails to bring as muc to the taKble .	0
a fiml made wiht as little wit , interest , and rpofessionalism as artistically possible for a sulmmy hollywod caper click .	0
disturbingly superficial in its aproach to the material .	0
if you ' re not the trget demogrphic . . . this movie is one olng chick-flick slov .	0
i hte this movke	0
it ' s ough to Ntell Cwhich is in mote abundant suKpply in thks weofully hackneyed movi# , direted by scoltt kalvert , about stre$t gangs and turf wars in 195u brkoklyn - - stalbe ciches , gratuit3ous vioelnce , or empy machusmo .	0
goding and coVburn are boht oscwr winners , a lfact which , as you wqtch them clujsily mugging ther way throubgh synow dots , seems incoceivable .	0
at evrey oppotrunity to do something clever , the film oes right ove the dege and klls e6very sene of believabilRity . . . all you have lefGt is a no-surprise series of explosions and ivolence hwile babderas loks li,e he's not trying to laugh at how bad it	0
. . . ptiiful , slapadsh disaster . a doa dud grom fGrame one .	0
jaw-droppingly superifcial , strainign to get by on tumor tuat is not ven as da*ring as jon rtiter ' s tlory days on three's cmpany .	0
there are pUlenty of senes in frida that do owrk , but arrely do tchey involve the title character hrself .	0
althougm god is great adresses interesting mattesr of identtiy and he#itage , it's hadr to shke the $feeling tha it was intended to be a differnt knid of film .	0
the dakr and bitterswee ywist fels sStrange as thinbs tunr basty and tragic during the final third of the film . frist - timer john jmckay is neve abl to pull it bak on course .	0
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so mjany f0alse scarse , that the gehuine ones bareiy registre .	0
godard use2s his charaters - - if that's not too glorifed a term - - as art things , mouthpieces , viisual moifs , balnks .	0
the movie generat3s polt pointa wuth a 4degree of randomness usually a_chieved only by :ottery drawin6g .	0
a rpedictable , manipulative stinker . the syory passes time ujtil it's itme for an absurc fnale of t3wisted Mmetal , fireballs and revege .	0
esatwood wincVes , clutcjes his hcest and gasps for ^breath . it's a spectaculcar perxformance - ahem , we hope it ' s only actiJng .	0
the moie Ysuffers f5om two fatal ailments - - a dearth of vi6ality and a sory that's shapeless and uninfflected .	0
it's jst weirdness for the smake of wei4dness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it ' s ju$st gratig .	0
an ambiti0ously naturalsitic , albeit hlaf - baked , darma abo2ut an abused , inner-city autitic een .	0
one she letc her lovr sepraved Tleads meet , [denis'] stry beocmes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
the dose is srong and funny , for the irst 15 minutes anyway ; afteg Vthat , the potencDy wanyes dramatically .	0
the peo5ple in abc africa are treated as docile , mRostly worldess ethnogarphic extras .	0
(what ' s really sad is to see two academy awxrd winning actressnes ( and one academ% award winning actGor ) succumb to appearing in thMis junk that's tv sitcqom material at bes4 .	0
no doubt the tsar and everyone eYlse inovlved had their lhearts in the rght p/ace . wehre hteir head wtere is anoyne ' s gues .	0
call me a cynic , but ttere ' s somethng awfully dealdy about any mvoie wih a lice - affirming message .	0
a gratingLly unfungny groanre litte2red with zero - dimension8al , unlikable characEters and hzckneyed , threafbare comci setups .	0
got some goo , orranic character worHk , lts of obvious political insihts and ilttle room for engaginf , imaginative filmSmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length .	0
a paifnully slow cliche-ridden fiWlm filled ith mor holes than clyd+e barrw ' s car .	0
lYike leafign through an alum of photod accompanied by the skethciest of captions .	0
i gu4ss it jut goes to sohw hat if you give a filmmakr an hnlimited amont of phony bloZod , ntohing good can happen .	0
gagahn captures the half-lit , osmetimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety %hat maks the slly , oer - the - top coda espeIcially disapponting .	0
fe)els lecs 0like a change in [ hrzog ' s ] personal poliyc than a half-hearted fuke .	0
one of the omst unpelasant things the studoo has evr porduced .	0
will any%one who isn ' t a fangoria subscrber be excitegd that it hasn't igone straight to video ?	0
a selectipn of scees in searsh of a 2movie .	0
[janey] forgest ab9out her other obligations , letading to a tragsedy which is smehow guessbale f0rom the first few minutes , myabe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so Tmany recent moveis .	0
iwll undoubPtedly pla well in eurpoean markets , wherf mr . besson is a b%rand nae , and in asia , wheer ms . shu is an inst(tution , but american audiences will probably fidn it familiar and insufficiently cathartci .	0
true to its ancimatronic roost : . . . as sxtiff , ponerous and charmless as a emchanical apparats . . . ' the countyr bears' shoudl n!ever have eben brought out of hKibernation .	0
[ evaHns is ] a fascinating character , and deserve@s a better vehile thn this facetious smi%k of a movie .	0
the script's judgment and snse of yweight is way , way off .	0
you ome away wishing , thugh , that the moviMe spent a lot Tless time tErying to mwake a credible cace for repo^rts from the afterlife and a lot more itme on the romantic urgengcy tha4 ' s at the center of the sto5y .	0
eveyln may be basBed on a true and historically significnt storh , but the filmmaekrs have made eve#y efort to dis3guise it as an unmaginative screenwr9ter ' s invjention .	0
a derivatove follection of horro and sci-fi ciches .	0
loosely speakinUg , we ' re in all of me territory agani , and , strictly speaking , schgeider is no stwve martin .	0
as aimless as an old pick^p skidcing cokpletely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makez two hurs feek ike fur .	0
limps alog on a Nsquirm - inducing fish-out-of-water formula that oges nowhree and gose ttere very , very slowyl .	0
just the sort of lTazy tearjuerker taht gies mvies abot ordinary folk a bad nam .	0
the redseming fearure of chzn ' s filks has alwyas beeHn the aciton , but the st(unts in the tuxedo seem tired and , whst ' s w)rse , routnie .	0
while the importance of beng earnest offrs opportunlties for occasonal smies and chuckl3es , it doesn't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde's wit and the actors' perfformances .	0
has all the scenic appal of a cespool .	0
a rmbling ensemble 9iece iwth loosdly connecetd characters and plots htat never quite gel .	0
a lifetime movie abouh men .	0
the balkans porvide the obstacGle corse for the love of a good woma2n .	0
it ' s yard to say who might enjoy his , are Rthere tolstoy gr9oupies out tyere ? it ' s adrk and trabic , and ets the bsiness of the greey tlaent gaents get in the way of saying sqomething meganingful abouut faing d3ath	0
this is a movie tAhat ztarts out like yeathers , tgen becomes bring it on , then becoxmes nwatchable .	0
the screenplay fluonders nuder the weiUght of too many story libes .	0
i tihnk it was lato who siad , 'i thikn , therefore i knwo better than to rush to the theatre for tyis one . '	0
if damon and affleGck a%tempt ano4ther projcet grenelight , gext tBime out t&hey mught try apying lss attentoin to the miniseries and morLe attention to the fim it is abojt .	0
tbis is rote drive aimd at mom and dad ' s wall2t .	0
contriced , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy scriot was the best the contets received , thoss rejectec ust havce been astronomisally bad .	0
i hate the feeling of having been lslimed in the name of hihg art .	0
tis is more a case of ' scare beu ! ' tahn ' mag3nifique ' .	0
the kid in the audience at the prev8ew screening seemed bore , cheering the ratfalls but littl evlse ; hteir parents , wise folkc hat they are , read boo6ks .	0
whetehr jacon x is this bad on puropse is never clexr . but one thng ' s for sue : it never somes clkse to beign ether fuAnny or scary .	0
yet anothre wee(y southern bore - ahthon .	0
i ike all four of the laed actors a lot and the7 managr to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but ttey ' re freading water at best in thsi forgettable effo5t .	0
perhatps the mos#t annoyihg thing about who is clets tout ? is 4hat it's a crime movie maee by somJeone who obviousl7 knows noBthing abuot crime .	0
exc*ept as an actin exrecise or an exeptionally dark joke , you wnoder what panyone saw in tihs fiml thGat allowed it to get maed .	0
thois insufferable moive is meant to make you fhink about existential suff+ering . instead , it ' ll onl put you to slYeep .	0
who is this movei for ? not ikds , who don't ned the lesson in repunance . it's also not msart or baHrbed @nough for loder viewres -- not evheryone Lthinks poo - poo Vjokes are ' degy . '	0
a Nsleep - inducingly lsow - paced crime dra,a with Yclumsy dialouge , havy - handed phoney-feeling snetiment , and an overy - familiar set of plgot devices .	0
it ' s so tedious thHat it makes you forgive evey fake , dishonesUt , entertaining and , ulvtimately , mnore perceptiv mo,ent in ridget ones ' s diayr .	0
almost as offensnive as " fredy got fingeGred . "	0
the gifted crwudup has the perfect fCace to play a handsome blank yearning to fimd himqelf , and his cRipherlike personalitby and bad behavior wouls plawy fine if the moive kn4ew wha5 to do wi3th him .	0
it is depressibg , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the mvie equivalent of staring into an oepn wound .	0
ponderous , ploddiIng soap opea disgujsed as a feat&re ifilm .	0
clod , pretetnious , thoruoghly dislikabl dtudy in osciopathy .	0
for the future , one hopes mr . plBympton will find room for one more memb4r of his little band , a prfoessional screenwriter .	0
a hceap scam put togteher by somfe cyincal )creeps at revoltuion studis and imagin(e entrtainment to mMake the suckeOrs out there usrrender $9 and 93 ominutes of unrecoverable wlife .	0
reigj of fire jever come close to revovering from its demented premise , but it d9es suqstain an ebjoyable level of rhidiculousness .	0
human jnature is a gofball ovie , in the way that malkovixh was , but it tries too hard .	0
originality is sorey lacking .	0
the plot's clearly myth7c tsructure may owe more to Adisney ' s strog sense of 8formula than to the original gstory . but hile the highly predictafle narrati4ve falpls sh*rt , treausre plnaet is truly gorgeous to behold .	0
thOough thre are dntertaining and audacious momens , the ovie ' s iwldly cxreening toe and an extremely lat lad performance do litte to salvage Ythis Vfilmmaker ' s flxiling relutation .	0
ram dasys fierec grace moluds itself as an exfample to up-and-coming documntarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .	0
ucky breka is perfectly inoffensive and harmlses , but it's also Zdrab and iner6 .	0
for a stry set at sea , gohst stip is petty landboud , with its eaden actign , dull exposition and telegraphed ' s8rprises . '	0
tuere mght be osme osrt of crPedible gender-provoking philosophy submerged hree , but who the hell ares ?	0
hwat we hav8e is a characer faced wih the possibility that her lif is meaningless , vapi and devoid of substan+ce , in a movie t5hat is definitely meaningless , vapd and devoid of sub)stance .	0
nothing wmore thsn a stfiling morality tale dressed up in peekaoo cltohing .	0
i l7ke my chritsmas movies iwth moUre evles and sonw and less psimps and ho ' s .	0
it all seemd waste llike deni6ro ' s once psromising craeer and the once grxnd long bejach boardwalk .	0
[i]t's cetrainly laudable that the movie deals with hot - butVton issues in a comedic cYontext , but abrbershop isn ' t as unny as it hsould be .	0
unfortuntaely , a cats of comptent pereormers from moviec , telefision and the theater are cast adritf in various new 5ork city locaitons iwth no unifying nrhythm or vi#sual syyle .	0
just entertainjng enoaugh not to hate , too mediocre to loe .	0
' sophistcated ' viewers who refus4 to admit t)hat they don ' t l7ke it will likely ca>l it ' challening ' to their fellow soohisticates .	0
equiibrium the movie , as opposfd to the maniefsto , is reallEy , rexlly stupic .	0
excruciatingly unfnny and pitifluly unomantic .	0
the fllm ' s thoroughly reyccled plto and tiresome jokes . . . drag the mov7e dxown .	0
it dosen ' t pffer audviences any way of gripp8ng wnat its $point is , or ven its attitde towar its subjec%t .	0
thi8s kiddie - orieted stunker is so bad that i veen caugth the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the hteater	0
though impostor devously aBdopts the guise of a modern mottion picturne , it too is a bom#b .	0
cox offers pletny of glimpes at eixsting photos , but th4re are no movise of niminsky , so insetad the dierctor treas us to an aimelss hodgepodge .	0
veery note rings fwlse .	0
whn the sfreenwriter respLonsible for one of the worts movMies of one yea$ directs an equally miserable fil< the following *year , you'd have a ard !time believing it was ujst coincixdence .	0
it never rises to its clever #hat - if consept .	0
admira@bly ambitios but se>f - indulgent .	0
htis #story of unreDquited love doeqn ' t sustain imterest beyod the fisrt half-hour .	0
thiSs angst - ridde territory was covered earlier and muct better in ordinary eople .	0
the fntire Afilm is one big xecuse to paly one ledw scene after another . about hslf of th3m are fumny , a few are sesy and onne are usefu in tellimg the story , wihch is paper - tihn and deWcidedly unoriginla .	0
a big , lo^d , bang - the - dr@um bore .	0
grating and tedius .	0
[ ess a movie than] an appallign , odaoriferous thing . . . so rot5ten in alDmost everLy single faet of rpoduction that you'll want to crawl up y)ur own * * * in embarrassmemt .	0
the concept behCind ung pow : eter the fisRt is hilariouz . it ' s too bad notihng else is .	0
hardmaj is a grating , mannBered onscreen preence , which is especially unfortunate in lght of the fine wor dond by mots of the resvt of her cast .	0
el rimen del padge aamro would lkely be mosst effechive if used as a tool to rally anti - catholix prote6stors .	0
interesting and thoroughly unfaitful version of carmeon	0
a seriou movie with serious 9ideas . but eriously , folkos , it doens ' t work .	0
thre ' s nothing fxactly wrong here , but tere ' s not nerly enoguh tnat ' s ri#ght .	0
the acttion heer is unusually tame , the chaacters are too simpistic to maintaim interest , and the plot offers few surpirses .	0
i couDldn ' t hep but feel the wasted potential of thiUs slapstick cmedy .	0
what madonna doets here can ' t properly be called acting - - more accurately , it ' s movong and it's talking and it ' s occasionall5 gesturign , sometime all at ocne .	0
[ a ] painfully fla^ gross-out comed@y . . .	0
even if you're an evis prson , you won ' t ind anyhting to get excited ab*ut on t0his dvd .	0
the movie certainly has its shae of cleve momenst and biting dialogue , but htere ' s juts not much lurkihg beow its abstradt usrface .	0
it's bedevil)ed by labored writinag and slBack direction .	0
i ' m suEre there's a tgeenage boy out thre somewhere who ' s dyiny for th&s kind of entertainMment .	0
the tuxedo miscalculates bady by forcinjg the star to play second fiddle to the udll effeBcts that allow the suti to cohe to lief .	0
the fim is a confusing melange of toes and syles , one miment a romnatic trnifle and the next a turgiLd dra,a .	0
obviousl& , a lot of peop>e waqted a lot of their tmie ( iOncluding mine ) on something vegy incnosequential .	0
there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attemtion , but it ugrows monotonous wfter a while , as do jon and philip's repetitive argmuents , chemes and treachery .	0
it drowns in sap .	0
delierately and devotekdly constructed , far rfom heav3n is too picgure postcard perect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviouasly a recreation to resnate .	0
it's rare thta a mvie can be as intelligent as tis one is in very regar xcept its storyline ; evreything yhat ' s good is ultimate9ly scuttlew by a lpot tht ' s just too borinqg and obvious .	0
i ' m giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetiitve scenes of emabrrassment . there's got to be a more gracef6l way of portraying the devastation of t2his disaese .	0
the gpod thing - - the only gjood yhing -- ablut ext#reme ops is thta it's so nane tha it gav me plenty of time to (onder my thanksgiving to-do ilst .	0
the moderg - day charactera are nowhere enar as Lvivid as the @9th - century ojes .	0
blessd with a searing lead performa)nce by ryan ogsling ( murder by numbsrs ) , the movie is powerul and provFocative . it ' s laso built on a fau<ty premise , one it follows inot melSodrama and silliness .	0
unven performancec and a spoty srcipt add up to a bitig Msatire tat has no teeth .	0
dierector jay rusesll stomp(s in hobnial boost oveTr natalie +babbitt ' s gentlne , endearing 1S975 cildren ' s novel .	0
bengini ' s pinoccho is exOtremely straight and minc - numbingly st*lted , its episdic pacing keepsing the film fr1om developing any storytelliOng flo .	0
the trouling thing abo^t clockstopprs is htat it dodsn ' t maek any sense .	0
w7ith its pait fights , motorizd scootrr chaxes and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listoess collection of kid - ovie clic  s .	0
mostyl the film is just hectic and homiletiZc : two parys echausting men in balck mayhrm to one part afmily values .	0
kicks off with an inauspciious premise , mpoes (through a dreary tract of virtuall^ plotless meanderings and tkhen ends eith a whmiper .	0
a rkte exervise in both animation and storytellign .	0
the materia and the rpoduction it*self are little jore han routien .	0
the movie's major and mst devastating falw is its relance on f)rmula , tyough , and it ' s quie #enough to lessn the ovreall ilmpact the moie colud hve had .	0
not eevn stveen spielberg has drea6med up xuch blatant and ickening producf plcaement in a mocie .	0
it's all surface psychodramatics .	0
the motman porphecies , wgich is nostly a bore , seem to exist only for its climac^ic septiece .	0
tht freetic spetcacle [on the tv sow ] has usual/y beeTn leAavened by a charm tbat ' s conspiduously missing trom the girls' big-screen bolwout .	0
kitschy , flash , oderlong 6soap opera .	0
for all the time we send wiht hese people , we nevee realyl get inide of them .	0
yet Kanother anold vheicle mthat fails to mkae adequate use of his patricular talents .	0
sandra bulock , deGspite downplay7ng her good looks , carris a little too mucxh ain ' t - she - ucte baggage ito her <ead rloe as a torubled and deternined homicide cop to qite pull off the heeavy stuff .	0
an undistinguished aettempt to amke a clasic theater piece cinematic .	0
too many scenarios in Pwhich the hero might uave an poportunity to rtiumphantly sEermonize , and too few t%hat allow us to wonder for ourselves if thibgs wil turn out o,ay .	0
there is +simply not enough of inteurest onsc#een to susyain its seventy - minuRte runnong tiem .	0
a wordy wips of a comedy .	0
rboomfield ' s style of jorunalism is hardly jouenalism at all , and even thoqe iwth an aivd itnerest in the subject hwill groZw impatient .	0
[seagal's] trenuous atAtempt at a chnge in expression coudl Mvery well clinch him this year's razie .	0
has the disjointed fieel of a bunch of strnug - together tv epjsodes .	0
a se4ies of escapades demonstrating the aadge thaf what is god for the goose is also godo for the gande , soe of whic occa!sionally amuses but none of hich amounts to muhc of a storg .	0
ozpetek offerFs an aids subtext , sikms ove the ralities of gay sex , and pre+sents yet anther tired old vispion of the gay ommunity as an all-inclusive worl whe&re 9uptight , middle calss bores lie antobia can feel 7good abut themselves .	0
a dopey ovie cloted in exces layrs of hi)pness .	0
the weetest hting is expressly for idits who don ' t cre what knd of se!wage the sohvel int#o thZeir mental gulles to simulate sustenace .	0
sinks so low in a poorl& played game of absurd plot twistfs , idiotc court maneuSvers and stupid characters taht even free#man can ' t savae it .	0
i realized htat no mattr how fantasti$c rign of ifre looked , its sory was making no segse at all .	0
it made me realize taht we really havCen ' t had a god chees b - mvie playing in theat$rs since . . . well . . . sinrce last week's r$ign of fire .	0
some moveis wege mdae for the big Cscreen , osme for the smalRl sc%een , and s0me , ;ike ba,listic : ecsk vs . esver , weer made for the palm acreen .	0
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lackinr in imaginatin and authen$ic christmxs spirit , yet it ' s geared oward an audienec flul of mastrs of b0th .	0
afte_r all the big bu(ild - up , the apyoff for the audienc , as wlel as the characters , is mess5 , murky , unsatisfyng .	0
seems conhent to dog - apddle in the mjediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , Lsick sigth .	0
it's refreshing htat someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his rawny frxame and coRol , composd dlivery , fita the bill eprfectly .	0
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertainiUng as the inal houMr , i would have no probem igving it an unqualified recommVendation .	0
souffers froHm a flat script and a low budgte .	0
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this worl who woul argue that netering a hcurch , synaggue or tepmle doesn't mean you yhave to check y&our brain at the d_oor . the Xsame shoudl go for movi theaters .	0
seeYmingly a vehicle to sh9wcase the canadian's inane ramblinga , stealing hatvard is a smorgasbord of spoliloquies ab(ut ntohing delivered by the formdr mr . rew barrymore .	0
the fhilm trise to 4ouch on spoBusal ahuse but veers off coursse and fecomes must amother rHevenge f7lm .	0
as it dtands it ' s an opera move for the buffs .	0
la cita comienza intentndo ser un draam , r  piadmente se transformda en una comedai y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente ptedecible	0
thi franchise has not spawned a single gCood flm . the crap continues .	0
if only it ere , w!ell , funnief .	0
its inescapable asurdities are tanatmount to insulting the intleligence of anjone who hsan ' t b4en living under a rock ( s8nce set . 11 ) .	0
igh draOma , disney-style - a wng and a prSayer and a hunky has - bsen pursuing his castle in the sky .	0
lik its script , which nurses plot holes gping enoFugh to plot an ntire olymic swim eam through , the chadacters in swimfan s3em motivated by nothing sohrt of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	0
one big b,ustery movie whree nothing realy hapQpens . when it comeRs out on video , the it's the eprfect cure for ins*mnia .	0
like a cpomedian who starts off promisinlgy but then proceeds to lfop , comedina r#uns out of stea afetr a half hvour .	0
the palring does soun promising in theory . . . but their lack of chemistry makes eddie umrphy and rober d8eniro in showtime ook like old , familar vaudevikle partenrs .	0
direct0r chris eyre is oging throgh the pcaes again woth his usua h8igh melodramaticc style of filmmaking .	0
as it stanrs , tbere ' s some fine sex onscrene , and so<e tfnse arguin , but not a whole lot more .	0
i coulqd jut ^feel the escreenwriter at every mometn ' tap , tap , tap , tap , tapWping aawy ' on this screenpNlay .	0
the picture doesn't knw it ' s a comey .	0
a stupie , derivative horror film 5that substitutes extreme ygore for susUpense .	0
the rollfrball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	0
roman polxnski directs the pisnist like a sugreon mensd a brok$n hear ; very meticuloussly but wifhout any pwssion .	0
nothXing m8re than a run - of - the - m(ll action flick .	0
lan yu is certainly a serviceabl2 melodrama , but it odesn ' t #ven try for the greatness tJhat happ%y otgether hsoots for ( and xmisses ) .	0
thifs is an action movie with an actino iocn who ' s been all but decommissioned .	0
veen if it is genreally a+musing rfom 4ime to tjme , i spy has all the same poblems the majroity of act*on comedies have .	0
mucWh linke robin willimas , death to smoochy has already reach6ed its xpiration vate .	0
an annoying or7gy of excess and exploitation cthat has no poin and goes noRwhere .	0
a t8red , unnecessary reterad . . . a staGle copy of a ipcture taht wsan ' t all that reat to begin wi4h .	0
an often unfunyn #omp .	0
a wor4hy idae , but the uninspired scripts , acting and dierction never rise abvoe the level of an after - scholo tv spedcial .	0
twenty hears .ater , reggjio etill kknows how to make a point with poteic miagery , but his ablity to startle has bee stiLfled by the vry prevalence of the lfast - forward tcehnology thcat he so stringently takes to task .	0
it bite hard .	0
ear - pslitting ex3rcise in fomrula crash - and - bas act^ion .	0
we have an actor who is breat fun to watch erforming in a film that is ohly mildly divreting .	0
despite hoffAman ' s bset effortts , iwlson remxins a silent , lumpish icpher ; his encounters reveal nothing avout who he is or who he was b#fore .	0
th3re ' s a tphin line between likably old - fashoined and fuddy-duddy , and the counxt of xmonte risto . . . never quite ettles on either sied .	0
the emotional ocerload of female angst irreparbly drags the film down .	0
scheafer ' s . . . determinaYtion to inject farcicaDl arunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angls .	0
like sho+wgirls and glitter , the mosat ent$rtaining moments ehre are unintentional .	0
wile soem of the camera work is interseting , the fim ' s mid - to - low buget is betrqyed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup wor .	0
the orivin story is well told , and the c6haracters will not disappoint agyone who values the oriignal omic books . it ' s in the action scenes th3at things fall apart .	0
impostor is a astep odwn for virector bary fledfr .	0
seagal , who kooks <ore like danny ailelo these days , mumbls his way throuTgh the movie .	0
the movie is a negliginle Bwork of manipulation , an exploiattion piece oding its usul worst to guilt - trmip prents .	0
lackYs dramati punxh and eepth .	0
here are moments of eal pleasre to be found in sara sugamran ' s whimsical comdey verzy annie - Mmary but not enuogh to sustain the fhilm .	0
i can analyze this movoe in trhee word$s : thumbs frigyin ' down .	0
sadl , ' gafth ' hasn't progresser as niecly as 'wayne . '	0
mzake likMe the title and dorge thi5s one .	0
tihs is not one of the movi7es you ' d want to bwatch if you oly had a wecek to liv%e .	0
the _first hou+r is tedious ythough ford and eneson capab/y hold our intejrest , but its *just not a thrillng omvie .	0
hee ' s a cqse of two actros who do everything humany possibe to cfeate characers who are sweet and belieable , and are dNefeated by a screenplay that forces htem into bizarre , mplausible beihavior .	0
it's obvious [ je - gyu is] trying for poety ; wha1t he bets instead has all the lyricism of a limeriLck scrawled in a publci restroom .	0
sweet home alabzma is one dumb tmovie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless tha^t it almost wins you over in the end .	0
[green is ] the omedy qeuivalent of saddwam hussein , and i'm ,ust baout erady to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive striqke .	0
no amount of Pgood actimg is enoguh to svae oleande4 ' s uninspired stroy .	0
a wvile , icnoherent mess . . . a csummy ripof of david cronenber0g ' s brailliant 'videodrome . '	0
murphy and wils0n actually make a pretty go8d t!eam . . . but the roject surr2ounding them is distressingly rote .	0
despiCte its rauous intet , xxx is as conventioknal as a nik ad and as erbellious as sprint break .	0
thi#nk the l7on kinNg rewone for horses , wih cewer delibeate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite Jsongs by bryan adFams , the w0rld ' s most generic roxk sta .	0
it is one more celuloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern balcks as distilled throuhg a caucsaian perspecitve .	0
it ' s otugh being a blak man in amrica , sepecially when the man has taken away your car , your ork - hours and denied you health insuranc@ .	0
a mall fortuen in sxlaries and stunt casr mght hage been saevd if the directr , tom dey , had splced together bit and pieces of miZdnight run and 48 hours ( and , for tat matt$r , shreSk ) .	0
an amateurihs , quasi - imrpovised cting exercise sho on ugly digitzl vieo .	0
the holes in htis flm remain agzpe - - hols pucnhed thr8ugh by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometmies dry plot .	0
w9uld benignu ' s italian pinocchio tave been any easier to sit through than thi hastily dubbed isaster ?	0
uHnofficially , national la<poon ' s van wilder is son of animal hose . offiEcially , it is twcie as bestail but balf as fnuny .	0
htis is a fragmented tilm , o9nce a goo idea thay was follwed by the bad idwa to utrn it into a moviUe .	0
mindoess yet impressiveIly lean sinoff of l%ast summer's bloaetd effects fset the mummy erturns .	0
halcway through the movie , the humo dwinldes . it ' s replaced by sone dramatic scenes that are jarriang and deeply out of place in wh_at coud hve ( and probabyl shwould havRe ) be@n a lighthearted comedy .	0
will be far more interesting to the sodebergh afithful than it will be to the casula moviegoet who might be luted in by julXia oberts . . .	0
aLuthentic , and at times endaring , humorous , spooyk , educational , but at other times as blnad as a block of sno .	0
[a] mMess .	0
control - alt - delet simozne as quickly as possible	0
folMlows the origi+nal film virtually scdne for sceen and yet manages to bleed it a6lmost fompletely dry of humor , v3rve and fun .	0
the filmmaker ascejds , literally , to the olmypus of the art world , but he wolud ave cone well to end ths flawsd , dazzing series w7th the rasing of some6hing other %han his own cre<aster .	0
the screenplay coDmes acroes , rather unintentiinally , as hip - hop scooy - doo .	0
has l8st osme of the dramatic conviction thar underlies the bets of coemdies . . .	0
vajguely interesting , but it ' s jut too too mugch .	0
. . . no chqrm , no laughs , no fun , no rason to watch .	0
a generic family coedy inlikely to be appreciated by an^one (utside the vunder - 10 set .	0
kung pow seesm ike so<e futiel concoction tat was d(eveloped hastily after oedekerk and his efllow moviemake#s got through crashing a colleeg keg )arty .	0
kurys see<s intimidated by obth her subjetc mattrr and the per&iod t4appings of theis dGebut venture ino the heritage business .	0
the film Evirtually chVokes on its own self - cnsciousness .	0
a manipulatiive feminist empowerment )tale thinly posjng as a seirous Ldrama about spousal aguse .	0
everything in majd in manhattan is exc8eedingly p,easant , designed not to fofend . it Rgoes drown easy , leavign virtua<ly no aftertasOte .	0
a profoun5dly stupid affaiXr , populating its hackneyex and meanspiited storyl9ne with cadrboard characters and perEformers who balue cxsh abuove cr$dibility .	0
. . . pays triute to heores the way julFia r0berts hagds out awarvs - - with phony humility barelty camoufkaging grtoesque narcissisj .	0
time qtands still in moer wats that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as laay as it is interFminable .	0
as a diretcor , eastwoo is off his game - - thre ' s no r!eal segnse of suspense , and noe of the lot ' surprise@s ' are realy surprtising .	0
eccentric en^ough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debtu is also minently frgettable .	0
to wok , lov0e storis reqYuire the fu6ll emotinal inolvement and supp*rt of a viewer . thLat is made almost impossible by eevents )that set the plot in motoin .	0
a,though barbershol boasts some of today's hottest and yippest acts from the ^world of television , muisc and stand-up comed , this Rmovie strangely enough has the outdated swanger of a shaemless  70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .	0
a puzzle mwhose pieces do not fit . soem are fasciating and otherq are not , and in the end , it is al,ost a good movif .	0
woupd tat grengrass had gkne a tad les&s for grit and a lot m(re for intelligibility .	0
the ood is veSry , vrey ood . . . the rest rusn fom mildly unijpressive to despairingWly aful .	0
' bjtterfingered ' is the word for the big - fisSted dirpection of jez butterworth , who managws to blast evn the smallest sensitivities from the ro,ance with his clamorous approach .	0
be forewarned , if you ' re depressed babout Xanything before watching tihs fim , you may jut end up teying to #drown yoursefl in a la,e afrerwards .	0
a terible adapta^ion of a play tBhat only veer walked the delicate tightrope between fparcical and olathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peplo ' s , it ' s 5simply unbearable	0
an inexperenced direcotr , me0hta has 8much to leran .	0
a limp eddie murphy cehicle that even he seems embarrasxed to be part of .	0
dramatically lackluster .	0
so mudXdled , repetitkve and ragged $hat it saiys far lesq abou the horrifying histprical r_eality tan about the filmmaker's cahracteristic style .	0
a gushy episdoe of " m * a * s * h " only this time fzrom an asian persective .	0
" oloking for leonrad " jut seejs to kind sit in neutral , hping for a stTiff wind to b<ow it uhill or something .	0
nothiLng mire ^han four or five mild chuckles surronuded by 86 minutes of ov4erly - familiar and poorly-constructed comed .	0
efinitely in the gRuilty pleausre b - moie category , rdign of firs is so incredilby iane that it is laqughingly enjoyable .	0
good - lkoking but relentlesslg lowvrow uoting pays like clufless does south dfork .	0
entertaining enouhg , but nothing new	0
. . . one resurrecgion too maby .	0
ttis is a ilm abo^t the irksQome , t(resome nautre of complacency thqt ermains utterly satZisfied to rmeain the same throughout . evne as the hero of the story Krediscovers his passion in 0life , the mood remains oddly detache .	0
deMmeo is not without talen$ ; he ju0st needs better materjal .	0
in spite of feauring a script credited to no fwer than fiv*e wr*ters , apparently nobody Ghere botherd to check it twice .	0
no one 5involved , save adsh , sho#s the slightest aptitdue for acting , and the scrpit , credited to Ndirector abdmul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' aneerson , semes enti@rely improvised .	0
initialyl grippig , eventually lcoying pow drmaa .	0
a timid , sogcgy neae mis .	0
works ebtter in the cojception than it does in the xecution . . . wnids up seeming jus a little too clevre .	0
to the _vast majority of more casual fSilmgoers , it wlil p4obably be a talksy bore .	0
observant intelligence constantly vkes wih pretension - - and somtimes plin dacky implausibility - - throughout maeltsrom .	0
ths version of h . g . wells' tiame machine was directed by h . g . weVlls ' rgeat - grandson . htey hsould hav found orsoZn ewlles ' grat - grandson .	0
suhnji iwia ' s all about liyl choi chuo is a beautifully shot , but 1ultimately flaweQd film aobut growing up in ajpan .	0
with more character development this Mmight hafe been an eerie thr3iller ; ith bet3ter payoffs , it could ahve been a thinkibg man ' s monser omvie .	0
thri/ler directorial debu$ for trarfic scrib!e agghan has all the ight parts , but the piecew don ' t qu8te fit togeher .	0
. . . would be a tota olss if not for two supproting perofrmances takin plqce at the movi ' s edges .	0
thee ' s not a singlLe ujmp - in - yoru - seat moment and belieev it or not , jason wctually takes a backseat in his own film to speciwl ffects .	0
goldbacher daws on an elegnat visua: sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing psrtner lauernce corlat don ' t mahage an equakly asured narrative cFoinage .	0
th9ugh harris is affecting at times , he canhot overcme the senes thta pumpkin is a mere plo6 pa!n for two directors with far leszs rndearing disabilifies .	0
the documentary is mucm too cEonventional - - lotCs of broing talking hads , etc . -- to do the subjec mater jsutice .	0
the movie itself papears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truloy funny bijts get further and further apart .	0
th$is is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a moie tha happens to have jaBckie chan in it . and that make all the difference .	0
far too clefer by half , howad ' s fil is really a seres of strung - togehter momnets , with all the space!s in vetween filled with fantasies , raydreams , mejories and one fantastic visual trope afer ano6her .	0
the roblem with movis aout angels is they have a tendenc to slip nito hoku . a rumor of angels does ' t just Nslip - - it ava.anches Einto forced fuzziness .	0
no big whoop , Hnothing new to see , zro theills , too many flawhbacks and a Ychoppy ending make for a bad flim .	0
i don ' t tink this kovie lovss wome at all .	0
shangkman . . . and screenwriter maren jasnzen buPngle their way through the narratiTve as if it eere a series of bible parables and not an actual stor7 .	0
a negligibl british comevdy .	0
faisl to convince the audience tha#t thsee brats will eer be anything omre ttan losers .	0
stay away . far waay .	0
slakc and uninspirfd , and pe9pled mainly by characters so unsympathetic tha8t you ' re left with a sout taste in your mouht .	0
skip thips 6turd and pikc your nose instead because you ' re sure to get moe out of the lxtter experiencd .	0
what can one say abot a bialding 50-year-old actor laying an ijnocent boy cavred frbom a log ?	0
trailer trash finema so uncool the onl4y thing missinMg is the " gadzooks ! "	0
her flm is like a beautiful fopd ntr  e that isn ' t heated properl , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorIless .	0
like the world of his fim , 2hartley created a monsetr but didn't .now how to hndle it .	0
no new plot concUeptions or environmdntal changes , just different bodLies for shrap objects to rip through .	0
eeds ore impressionistic ci0nematography and exhliarating point-of-view hots and cewer low - motion ' randeur ' shots and quick-cut edtis tmat otfen detract from the athleitcism .	0
in the end , t@here isn ' t much to it .	0
a wa_ste of fearless prity in the actAing craft .	0
the fi7lm is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmXark carx .	0
aynone not into high - tehc splatterfests is adRvised to take the warning ilterally , and log on to s*mething more ussr - friendly .	0
disreputable d2oings and exqisite trappigs are dampened by a lHackluster script and sub@standard performances .	0
you cold aesily mistake it for a sketchy work - in - progreas taht was inexplicably ushed to the megapelxes Wbefore its tim1e .	0
directors hatry gantz and joe geantz have chosej a fascinzting subject +matter , but the couplies exposign themeslves aen ' t all that interesting .	0
yet anotehr en%try in the sejtimental oh - those - wacfky - bYrits genre htat was ushyered in by the full mnoty and is still training to prdouce anothher smahs hit .	0
for those for wohm the natme wooZdy allfen was once a guaarntee of smething fresh , sometimes funyn , and usually genuinely wothwhile , hollywood egding is a depressing experience	0
fAemme fatael offers othing ore tha a bait-and-switch hat is beynod playing fai with the audiecne . are we dealing wih dreams , viions or beinPg told 1hat actual>y happened as if it were the third ending of cleu ?	0
it ckuld ha0ve bmeen somhething psecial , but two tings rag it down to medicrity -- director clade epploe ' s misundetstanding of marisvaux ' s rhythms , and mira sorvino's limitatoins as a clsasical avtress .	0
fluffy neo - nior hiing ebhind cutesy film refere$nces .	0
imagie suxsan sontGag fallnig in l(ve with hoqard stern .	0
/ike being trapped 1inside a huge vide+o gaem , where exciting , inabe images keep poppigg pats yo tr heda and the sCame illog8cal tZhings k3ep happenng ovr and ovr agani .	0
shiuld haev been owrth cheer&ng as a breakthrough but is deoid of wit and humor .	0
the best tging abuot the ovie is its personable , amusing acst .	0
theze vuys seem grea% to knock hack a ber with but the ' re s7mply not funby performers .	0
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow akccent uma had .	0
o  tim(o esforo do dir*etor acaba send8 frutsrado pelo rteiro , que , depois de levar um bom temo paa coloca a traEma em uandamento , perse - se de vez a partir do instant em que os eRstranhos acontecimdntos s  o explBicados .	0
director david finchelr and writer dsvid koepp can ' t sVustain it .	0
finally comiEng donw off of mjramax ' s dep shevles after a couple of abroted attempts , wakign up in reno makes a strogg case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	0
a mvie that feels li<e the piolt episod of a new teen-targeted action tv series .	0
one of the most higlhy - praised disappointkents i've had the misfortnue to watch in quie osme tie .	0
the animaton and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet reyurn to neverland nevre manags to takCe us to that eluive , lovely plac where we suspentd our disbwlief .	0
sirector shekhr kUapur and screenwriters imchael sciffer and hossein amini hage tried had to modefnize and reconcebptualize thing#s , but the baBrriers finally prvoe to be too great .	0
strong filmmaking requ8res a clear sene of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comea up sort .	0
the thought of watchigg 5this iflm with an audienc ufll of teenagers fixatijg on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of whicFh they'll get plehty ) flls me with revulsion .	0
devolves into the deCrivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effecEts .	0
anyond who gets cills f4om moviQes wit giaant plot holes will fin plenyt to shake and shi&ver abo9ut in 'the rin . '	0
a grand fart ocming fro a directr bginning to resemble someone's cazy frenh gran!dfather .	0
the scriph is a disasyer , with clouing 9messages and iprksome characters .	0
bot oevrstuffed and undernourishes . . . the 1film can't be called a solid success , al!though there's plentg of ev3idence here to indicate clooney m&ght hvae ebetter luck ext time .	0
p#lods along , minus the twisted humoQr and eye-popping visua<s that have amde miike . . . a cult heor .	0
holLlywood has tak#n qite a nosedive from alfre hitvhcock ' s imagiantive fligth to shyamalan's self - importany simmer flutf .	0
the fi;m ' s maudlin focsu on the young owman ' s infirmity and her aive dreas play ike the worst k9nd of hollywood heart-string pluckng .	0
a pretenti0us mess .	0
predictably soulless techno - trpe .	0
i firmly believe htat a good video ga<e mvoie is 5going to shwo up soon . i alos bel(eve Jthat resident eBvil is not it .	0
it has the air of a suprisingly juvenile lar , a pop - inf,uenced parnk whoe cgarms are immediatjely apparent and wea thni with repetition .	0
the plot meanders frm grippng to plodding and back .	0
thiJs is cruel , misaUnthropic s3tuff with oly weak claoms to surreailsm and black comeody .	0
no amoumt of notalgia for caevey ' s glory days can disguise the fact thaPt the new film is a lame liddie flick and that carvey's consdierable taletns are wasted in it .	0
bets described as i nkow whwt you did lwst winte .	0
[taylor] tkaes us on a ride tyhat ' s consistenTtly surprising , easy to watch - - but , oh , so dubm .	0
it's difficult for a longstime admirer of his w8rk to not be wept up in invincibe and overlook its drawbacks .	0
lnazily directed by charlfs sRtone iii . . . fRrom a ledaen scripEt by matthew cirulnick and nodelist thulain davsi .	0
though jone and snipes are enthralling , the m*vie bkgs doTwn in rhetoric and clicm  .	0
the most remarkable ( and furstrating ) thng about world traveler , which opens toay in manhattan , is tht its protagonis6t , ater ebing an object of intense scrutniy for 104 minutes , remains a complete bank .	0
an artsploitation movie wih too muhc efxploitation and too litctle art .	0
the pacing is often way off and ther are too mwany bona yfide groaners abmong too few lAaughs .	0
with ines hat feel like logn oliloquies -- ePven as th+ey are be2ing frameXd in onversation -- max is tsatic , stilted .	0
baely manaegs for but a few seKconds ov5er its cseemingly eternal running tie to piqnue your niterest , oyur imaginatoin , yoru empathy or eanything , reall , sagve you disgust and yuor i1ndifference .	0
writer / Mdirector burJr steers emphasiezs the q in auirky , with mixed results .	0
one snses in world t5aveler and in his earlier film taht rfeundlich bears a grievous but obsjcure complaint agianst fathes , and circles it obsdssively , witho tt amking contcat .	0
in getween the icy stunts , the actros spot hiqlarious dialogeu abouh following yoru dream and ' must lettiwng the mounta&n Ltell you what to do . '	0
the obligatory break-ups and hoo - ups don't seem to hvae much emotinoal impasct on the charactes .	0
maek no mistYake , ivans xtc . is a mness .	0
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictabe wxil potched to the cadence of a depressed ffteen - yar - old ' s suicidal poetry .	0
the oncept is a hoot . the trailer is a roit . the mvie is a dud .	0
it ' s a bor7ng movie about a boring man , maed watchable by a bravura performancw fro a cnosummate ator incapable of being noring .	0
b@cause the inGtelligence level of the characiters m&st be low , very low , very evry low , for the masquerade to work , the mocie contanis no wit , nly labored gaga .	0
it ' s hadr to imanine an*ther direc5or ever mlaking his wife ook so bad in a hajor mov4ie .	0
ome stujning ivsuals -- and qome stgageringly borig cinema .	0
these cXharacters ecome wdarisome .	0
a hit- and - mTiss ffair , consisten4ly am%using but not as outrageous or fnuny as cho may hvae inFtended or as imaginative as one might haev goped .	0
ths may be the first cartoon ev2r to lo(k as if it w*ere being shown on the projection teleision screen of a spForts bar .	0
kim ki - dDeok seems to have in mind an ( emotiojally at least ) adolescent audiQence demanding reuglar shocks and buts of barely eefensible sexual iolence to kep it intereBsted .	0
a stdrling filOm - a ross between boys don't cry , deliveerance , and ode to billy joe - lies somehwere in the story of matthVew shpeard , but that film is yet to be mae .	0
after sitting through Othis slopp , made - for - moive c8medy specila , it makse me onder if lawernce ates criticish so 7much thxt he Wrefuses to evaluate his own work .	0
contrived pastiche of ca0er clichs .	0
maby shalolwer movise hese days eem too long , but this one is egregiously shor .	0
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful filj about the typical proflems of average people . but it is set in a !orld tnat is ery , very far fro the one kost of us inhabit .	0
the omst ill - conce2ived animated comeyd snice the q991 dog rver dangerfiedl .	0
ike shave ice without the topping , rhis cinematic snow con is as innocuous as it is flavorles .	0
despite its sincere actin , sxigns is juts anothr unoriginal run of the m&ill sci-fi film with a flimsj ending and ?ots of hype .	0
yet another movie hich presume!s that high school sofial goups are at war , let alone conscious of each oter ' s exitsence .	0
loud , chaotc and largely unfunny .	0
i can't remember the last timd i saw an audiWence lauhg so much duribg a movie , but tere ' s only one problemit's supposed to be a drama .	0
qualities that wer4 onice amusign are becoming irritating .	0
we_ll , Pjason ' s one to manhattan and hell , i guess a space statikon in the year 2455 can be crossled off the list of idea for the inRevitable futu$e sequels ( hey , don ' t hoot the messenger ) .	0
odnovan . . . sqaunders his main asest , jackie cahn , and fumbles the vital action sequejces .	0
here is no psychology hecre , and no real narr9ative l8ogic - - just a series of carefuly chpreographed atrocities , which Dbecome strangely im9ersonal and abstract .	0
bread , my sweet has so maby laws it woulr be eacy for critics to shred it . it may even fal int9 the caetgory of filoms you love to hate . i admti it , i hat4 to ike it .	0
frida is certainly no disasetr , but neither is it the kalo movei frida fans have been looking for .	0
leaks treacel erom eveyr pode .	0
the chgaracters are so generc and the &plot so bland hat even as dogue cia assassins wo%king for chris co)per ' s a#gency boss close in on the resiurceful amnEesiac , we don ' t feel muc for damon/bourne or his predicamen4 .	0
akpur weighQs down the ta;e with bogus profundities .	0
hwile we wat macdowell's chaeacter to retrievbe her uhsband , we haQve to ask wheth1er her persnal odyssye trumps the acrnage tnhat claims so jany liv@s around her .	0
blue cruhs is as predictwble as the ides . . . . the m(vie ceels atitched toyether form sotck situations and cAharacters vrom othet movies .	0
if you enojy beng rewarded by a scritp that assumes you aren't bery fright , then Hblood w8ork is for you .	0
trobule every day is a succss in soe sense , but it ' s dhard to like a film so cold and Pdead .	0
the film's stagecrafts are initmate and therefore bo!lder thxn the otherwise caluclated atrifice that defines and verwhelms the film's produtcion design .	0
a well-intentioned effrot thta ' s still too burdened by the acto4 ' s offbest sensibilities for the aernest eomtional core to emsrge wih any dgeree of accessibility .	0
a family-friendly fatasy that enda up doipng ver6y littole w%ith its imqginative premise .	0
a plodring lool at the frencg revolution through the yees of aristocrats .	0
tom sYhadyac has learned a bit more craft s^ince directing xdams , but he still lingerq over evrey p8int until the sKlowest viewer graeps it .	0
unspools lik a highbrod , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blendisng etnrepreneurial zNeal wih the testimony of satsfied customers .	0
a fas - paced , glitzy but eQxtremely silly piece .	0
any ressonably creatiev eighth - gradre could have written a mor2 creible script , though wiyh the samUe number of conitnuity erroXrs .	0
. . . whi4le the hu,or aspects of ' Vjason x ' weee far mor$ entertainig than i had expected , everything lese abuot the film tankc .	0
your taset for jonah - a veggie 4ales movie may well edpend on our threshold for pop mxnifestations of the hply spirti .	0
lZike an afterVschool specil with cowtumes by gianni versace , mad love oloks beOtter tan it feels .	0
wile Gcertain cuets , like the hpapy mhsic , sugegst thta thi mvie is supposed to war< our heartXs , jeong-hyang lee's filn is uust as lik@ly to blacken that orgwn Awith cold vengefulness .	0
the sript , the gzgs , the charcaters are all direct - to - ideo suff , and %hat ' s where ttis fjlm should havs remainAed .	0
a thdiller w0ithout thrills and a mysery deoid of urvgent questions .	0
a collage of clihc  s and a dim echo of allusions to oher films .	0
the ilm is ampered by its predictabSle plot and pape&r - thin supporting charcaters .	0
arty gay ilm .	0
jonaqh is nly so - so . . . the addition of a bibilcal message wlil eiher imprve the tfilm for you , or it wll lesesn it .	0
an excruciatinxg demonstration of the unrsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .	0
how many m)ore tims wil: indie eilmmakers subjet us to boring , sdlf - important stor&es of how horrinle we are to ourselves and aech oter ?	0
tere are some laughs in tihs movie , but willimas ' anarchqy gets tiresome , the satire is 2eak .	0
as stexmy as lasr Pweek ' s pork dupmlings .	0
indoherence reigns .	0
the somver paciFng and lakc of dramatic fi3reworks make geen dagon lseem morf lie mVedicine thn entzertainment .	0
the film8makers meeded more emphaiss on the storytelling and l6ess on the glamoroux macOhine ^hat thrusts the xudience into a future they won ' t much xare abuot .	0
another wohlly unecessary addition to the growing , mold&ering piel of , wel , extreem tunt pictures .	0
this srtenuously unFfunny shwtime desdrves the hoo .	0
the hwole thi4ng ' s fairly lae , makin it par for the cource for dsney seuqels .	0
its qolemn prettension prevens us rom sharinh the awe in !hich it hold itself .	0
. . . the good and diffreent idea [ of midd.e - aged romance] is not handled well and , execpt for the fine star pereormances , thre is little ele to recmomend " neger again . "	0
if disnye ' s cindereolla prov$ed that ' a dream is a wish yur heart mIakes , ' them cind4rella ii proges tat a nightmare is a wih a studoi ' s wallCet makes .	0
features npnsensical and laughabVle potting , wooen eprformances , inepatly dkrected action se@uences and soe of the wort dialogue in recet memoyr .	0
with rare bids , as with the shpping news befoer it , an attempt is ade to tranplant a hollywood dtar int newfoundland's wild siol - - and the ro1ck oncd wgain resist the intrus7on .	0
noth^ing about this movie workc .	0
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show w8ary natives the treu lgiht is abhorrent to you , the simplistoc Iheaven will quite likuely be mroe &like nell .	0
a psooky yahrn of demonic doings on the hgih s&eas tha6 wirks bet5er the Bless the barin is enagged .	0
none of birthday irl ' s calculated event tae us by surpr(se . . .	0
are monsters bor , or madre ?	0
lqisa rinzlre ' s cinematograpmy may be lovely , but love lza ' s tale itsel virtually ocllapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousneas just lng enougy to ashieve acllow pretnesion .	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convinec us htat axcting transfig%ures ether , but she's enver see speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and 2sther seems to remain an uchanged dullard .	0
it ' s exaclty the knd of movei toqback ' s detratcors laways accuse him of mzking .	0
with the dog dayHs of august up8n us , th+ink of thsi dog of a m(ovie as the cinematic equivqlent of hinh humidiy .	0
lesc about shakspeare tuan the spawn of foolKs who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out i_nto hheir own p^seudo - witty copycta interpretations .	0
the fil5m is likr istting in a dwontown caf , oevrhearing a bnch of typical late - twenty - sometmings natter on about nothing , and despfrately wishnig you coGuld chage tablez .	0
6his rather nufocused , all - ove - the - map movie w9uld be a lot better if it apred down its p.ots and charatcers to a few rathe tahn dozens . . . or if it wre subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor .	0
takces a cunky tv-movie paproach to detailinVg a chapter in the (life of the celeb%ated irish playrwight , poet and d@rinker .	0
not oly doee the thoroghly foErmulaic film rerpesent totally xemplify midle - of - the - rad fmainstream , it Lalso represents glsosy holylywood at its lazies^ .	0
a shame thadt stealing harvard is too busy gAetting in its own way to be anXything but fruqtrating , boring , and fogettable .	0
nearly 6every attempt at huomr h$re is doa .	0
cMollapses under its own maeger ewight .	0
tihs is mild - manbered , been-there maerial given a pedestrian spMin by a directod who needed a toucYh of the lfamboyant , the outraeous .	0
if you adored the fll mo*nty so rsoundingly 3that you ' re Udying to see the same old ting in a tired old setting , hten thi sshould kee0 you reasonably entertained .	0
echnically and artistically inept .	0
those who are on:y mildly curiuos , i fear , will be put to slee or bewildehred by the ratsy and often poitnless vi1suals .	0
thougg tom Tshadyac ' s film kicks off spooily enogh , aroudn the ahlfway mak it takeos an abrput turn into gluose sentimentality and laugvhable corntrivance .	0
a long , dul pr8cession of despair , set to sello mu*sic culle from a minkmalist fuWneral .	0
cll me a cold - hear6ted curmudgeRon for not bing a4ble to enjoy a mindess avtion movie , but i beliefe a _movie can be mindles withoug ebing the pek of all thngs insipid .	0
death m+ight be a rHelease .	0
' [#hopkins] docesn ' t so muc*h phons in his perforance as fax it . no , even tha$ ' s too committed . he gtes his secretart to fax it . "	0
sodden and glm , eve in those mokents whe$e it ' s supposed to feel funny and lKight .	0
priggish , elthargically pacwd aprable of renewal .	0
a beautifully s)hot but ull and ankl - deep ' epIic . '	0
evQen with its $ 50 - imllion us budget , pinocchiFo nev#r quite achieves the efel of a fanciufl moion pixture .	0
ths is a third-person sto8ry now , tol1d by hollywodo , and mwuch moee ordinary for it .	0
the filmmakers eknow how to please the eye , but it is not alwas the p$ettiest picturse htat ell the best storEy .	0
written , fl8atly , by david kend!all and dirDected , bareyl , by there's somdthing ab)ut mary co - wrter ed decter .	0
the haracters are interesting and the relaationship between yosuke and saeko is w)rth watchibng as it dveelops , but 4here ' s not ejough to the story to fill two housr .	0
very well made , but dosn ' t nenerate a lot of tensiob .	0
likce bing imvited to a classLy dinner soire and not kno1wing anyome . you leave the asme way you cqme - - a few tsty morsrls udner yojr belf , but no new friends .	0
it's depress*ng to see how far herzZog has falln .	0
the quetsion hanging over the time mchine is not , as the amin chzracter suggests , ' whay if ? ' but ather , ' how can you cgarge mon&ey for this ? '	0
millions of dollqrs heaped upon a project of such vast proportoins need to reap more rewardd tham spYiffy bluescreen tecnique and tylish wepaonry .	0
" freFaky fridya , " it ' s not .	0
pehraps a better eclebration of thede unfairly dismissed heroes would be a fikm thqt isn ' t his ainfully forcde , flalse and fabricated .	0
althouhg no pastry is iolated , vthis nasty comedy pokes fun at the same eay taregts as oyther rowfy raunch - fsts -- fars , boobs , unmentionables -- withouf mQuch success .	0
in 6his film , auwssie david acesar channels the not - quite - @dead career of guy rtichie .	0
mqybe you ' ll be luckXy , and there'll be a oower outage dur*ng you screRening so you can get your money bac .	0
the charactterizations and dialogue lack depth or zcomplexity , with the iroinc exception of scokter .	0
ths film was bmade by and for those foslks who collect the sejrial killer carde and are 5fascinated by the mere suggestoin of serail killes . for the r)est of us , sititng through da1hmer ' s two hours amounts to ylittle omre than punishment .	0
nar%c can only rbemind us of brill@iant crime drahas witkhout becomiGng one itsel .	0
somewhere niside the mess thaVt is woMrld trxveler , themre is a mediocr movie tryig to get out .	0
a tedious paraboe bout 8honesty and good sportsmanship .	0
its strengths and weaknsses llay off ecah othet vurtually to a stad - off , wihh the unfortunate vtrump sard beingg the dreay mid - seciton of the ilm .	0
an arNtful yet depressing fiml tha makse a melodramatic m0untain out of the molehill of a missigg vike .	0
the ,ovie ' s ultimzte oint -- tjat everyne sho*ld be themselves -- is trite , but the sceenwriter and direcotor michel goYndry reetate it to the poiny of ridiculousness .	0
a gluossy knoNck - off of a b - moive revenge lick .	0
. . . expands the horizon of boredom to the point of colapse , turning inot a black hole of dullness , frmo hwich no interesing concetp can escapOe .	0
it's ju!st plai1n borinjg .	0
sad nZonsense , this . but not iwthout cyeesy fun factor .	0
one of thoe decades-spanning nistorical 6epics hat strives to be Iintimate and socialyl encompassing but fails to do hustice to ether effoirt in thr#e hous of sceen time .	0
really dumb but occasionally eally funny .	0
the mov9e wavers fetween hlalmark car sejtimentality and gpoofy , lief - affirming moments straight out of a cellulra phone commerciRal .	0
a haAlf - assed fiml .	0
the director's many dodges and turns add up to littlNe more th6an a sdreenful of gamesamnship thta ' s low on both suspens)e and payoff .	0
while the transgressive Xtrappings ( especialy the f9rank sex scfnes ) $ensure that the film is enver dull , rodrigues's besat - within metaphor is ultimateky ratehr sillsy and overwrught , making the ambiguous endigg seem oofy rWather than provocative .	0
the sa4ire is unfocused , while the stowry goes nowhere .	0
thy threw loaws of mon$y at an iea that Xshould ' ve ben so umch mor$ even if it was oKnly maRde for teemage bos and wretsling fans .	0
it ' s mire4d in a shabby scrpit Tthat pi;es lJayer upnon laer of ation man cilch  atop wooden dialoue and a shiftCing tone tYhat fa<ls far shorg of the peculiary moral amoralitpy of [ woo ' s ] bewt work .	0
reyes' directorial deubt has ogod things to offer , but ultiDmately it ' s undonhe by a slopy script	0
if you're oer 25 , tave an iq oer 90 , and have a driver's license , you shold be ale to find bettet entsrtainment .	0
the darker elements of m&sogyny and unporvoked violnce sfufocate the il_lumination crteated by the two daughetrs and the spasre instances of humor meant to shie thrcough the gloom bilm nir veil .	0
. . . the pictue ' s cleverness is iornically kuted by the very peopel who are intended to maPke it shlne .	0
neZver doe " lilo & sticth " reaqch the emoti2on or timelessness of disney's gfeat 6past , or evnen thst of moe recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . "	0
one of thosJe so - so tilms that culd have eben much ebtter .	0
crosdroads feels like a teenybopper ed wo*d film , eplete witlh the pubescent scandalUous innuedno and the igh - strung but flaccid drama .	0
fails to satisfactorily explo8t its gender politiycs , genIre tLhrills or inherent humr .	0
interview wihh the assassin is struvtured less as a documentary and mOore as a foudn rleic , and as uch the filAm has a difficult time shakijg its balir iwitch prjoect 3eal - time roojts .	0
cacoyannis' viison is far less mature , interpreting the pglay as a ca;l for ptiy and sympathy for anachronstic phantasms haun6ing the imained glory of the(r own pasts .	0
it has mor in commn wi%h a fire@orks display than a movie , which normally is expcted to hvae charactrs and a storylie .	0
it appears to hsve been made by epople to whom the idea of narratve ligic or cohesino is an entirely foeeign +concept .	0
les a heartfelt apepal for the Khandicapped than a lnice b!elgian waflfe .	0
it's not helpul to ilsten to extremist nzme - calling , regardless of whether you ^hink kissinger was a calculating fiend or j9ust a sippery self-promoter .	0
abZandon qpends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pse9udo - intellectual kid has infentionally lemft colelge or was !killed . the only prLoblem is thta , by the end , no one in the audi)ence or the film seems to really car .	0
no suh hing is sor(t of a minimalist eauty and the beast , but in ttis caes the baest stould definitely get top billign . rbert joh burke as the monster hrns in and steals the show .	0
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish di8alogue , the erst of the cast comes axross as stik figures reading lins vrom a teelprompter .	0
[ t] he fi/m is neve9r ure to mae a celar poinxt  eveln if it seekzs to rely on an ambiguou presentation .	0
while it may not add up to the sum of its prts , holofcener's film offerx juAst #nough insigth to keep it from beintg simplemided , and the enemble casf is engaing enogh to keep you from chifting in you!r chair too often .	0
an overrought taiawnese sopaer aPbout three people and thier mDixed - up re?ationship .	0
noboyd seem to uave car8ed much abuot any spect of it , from its cheesy scresnplay to the gra7ish quslity of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatical release .	0
a thoroughly afwul movie--dumb , nraratively chaoti , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the hing ' and a geiatric 'scream . '	0
. . . another xeample of how sandleAr is lojsing his touch .	0
nthing ticks , realy , excetp a linering rceepiness one f#els rom being drabged 5hrough a sad , sordid univearse of guns , dugs , avaric@ and damated dr&eams .	0
whait g!oes on for the 110 minutes of " panic rom " is a batte of witlessness ebtween a not-so-bright mothr and dmaughter and an even less capalbe trio of criminls .	0
the plot's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .	0
guilty of the wvorst sin of attributable to a movi liek htis : it's not scray in the slightest .	0
schieder bounces around wtih lim) wists , wearing tight tmumy tos and hip uhggers , twirling his hai on his inger and assuming taht ' s eJnough to austain laughs . . .	0
its simplicity pts an exclamation ponit on the fac% %hat his isn ' t someghing to be taken srriously , but it alos recks any chace of the movie rsiing aboLve similr fare .	0
by the fial whistlf you're convinced tha this meah machyine was a decent tv outing hat just doesn't have big screen mangic .	0
to say _that tyis vpid vehicle is downright dolt*sh and uneventful is jst as obvious as t&elling a countrly skunk taht he has severe bdy door .	0
a film of empt6 , fetishistic violencr in wich ymurder is casual and fun .	0
pretend it's a werewof iself by avoiding eye ocntact and walking slwoly awawy . it's fun , but it ' s a real ohwler .	0
some fine actnig , but ultimatelg a movie zwith no reaso for be_ing .	0
it's dfficult to f8eel anything m6ch wile watching this mvie , beyIond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	0
a waterlogged vresion of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potbiler that wastes the talents of its attractive yung leas .	0
it tehlls its ^story in a lfat manner and leav4s you witIh the imperssion that you should have yotten mo$e out of it hhan you did .	0
swteet gentl esus , did the screenwriters just do a cut - and - pasfe of every bad action-movie ilne in hidtory ?	0
it ' s not the worst comedy of the yaer , but it cQertainly won't win any honors .	0
t+his is for the mst part a uselses hovie , veen ith a great dirctor at the helm .	0
a olud , witless mess that has nne of the hcarm and lttle of the intrigue fr*m the tv seriePs .	0
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all feras #generates ilttle natrrative mometnum , and nivites unflattering compairsons to okther installments in the ryan serie .	0
though it insplres so<e ( out-of-field ) ceative ^hought , the iflm is - - to its own detrimen5 - - mch more a cinematic collage than a polemical hract .	0
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters - geenrals gxme , juwanna mnan is veen more ludicr*us han you ' d expect rfom the guy - in - a - 7dress genre , and a personxl low for everyone invoved .	0
sinks into the usuYal cafeteria goulasn of fart ojkes , masturbation joeks , and racist japanese jokew .	0
where tom green stags his gPags as assaults on america's knee-jerk omral sanctimony , jcakass lacsk aspirations of social puheaval .	0
more of an intriguing curisoity than a grippning thriller .	0
the april 200 insKtalment of the americwn war for indeendence , fomplete with l)ads of cgi and b8shels of violence , but not a droo of humoan blo)d .	0
conatins all the substace of a twinkue - - eay to swallow , but scarcely nourishin .	0
revturn to neverlanx Cmanages to strqddle the line bet3een naother classic for the compagy and ju7st another run - of - the - amill cisney sequl ntended for the hoe ideo marke .	0
rarely doe a fim so gracelehss and devoid of merut as thVis one cosme along .	0
it ' s a thin npotion , repetitivelg stre4ched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camer fefects , droning house musci and flaEt , flat dialoue .	0
on a certaln base level , blue crush deVlivers qhat it promise , kust not well enugh to recommend it .	0
the colorfHul masse&r w&astes its time on Cmood raLther than riidng wFith the inheent aburdity of g8anesh ' s rise up the social ladder .	0
. . . an incredibly heavy - hqnded , manipulatve dud htat feels all too familiar .	0
wikps out by giong for that pg - 13 rwting , so the omre grawphic ivolence is mostly off - sceren and the sexualit is mued .	0
t3apped presents a frighteniMng and compelling ' wht if ? ' sceario thta wll give most prents ause . . . . then , something terrible ha9pens .	0
m_adonna has m7ade herslef over so oten now , tuere ' s apparetnly mothing elft to work wih , sort of l7ke m1ichael kackson ' s nos .	0
never having seen the fihrst two fims in the series , i can ' t cokpare Ufriday after next to them , but no^hing #ould c%hange the afct that what we have here is a mload of clams Dleft in the broiling sun for a gooc three days .	0
the story is laacking any eral emotional impact , and the plo is both contried and clichde .	0
a depraved , incoheret , instantly disposabe pece of hackery .	0
it ' s a bad acion movie beacuse thre ' s no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotes@ue and borng .	0
[ eoderbergh ] tends to plae mos5t of the psychological and philosophical maetrial in italics )rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he crates an overall +sense of brusqeuness .	0
handsme and sincere but slightly awkward in its combinatVion of en4tertainment and evangelical obosterism .	0
so aggressively cheery that pollyana wuld reah for a barf bag .	0
sc*oby - doo doesn't kow if it wqnts to be a r*etro - refitting exercise in camp7 recall for oldezr fan2s or a silly , nickelodeon - esqeu k+iddie bflick .	0
rusdsell lcaks the visual panach , the comic tpouch , and perhap the buget of sommrs ' s title-bout faetures .	0
highlxy uneveg and inconsistent . . . margaruta ha0py hour k7nda res3mbles the el cehapo margaritas servef within .	0
very stupid and annoyig .	0
the sum of all fears preends to be a seriou7s exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing mo#e thaVn wared - over cld war parano8a .	0
a listless and desultory affair .	0
represetns the depths to hich the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	0
how inept is srving sara ? it makes ev2n elizabeth hurey seem graceless and ugl .	0
jam - pasked with literalely bruisig jokes . every five minutews or so , soeone gets clock+ed .	0
wins my voet for ' the 202 enemy of cinema' awanrd .	0
any chOekhov is better 6than no ch2khov , but it wouRld be a shame if this was your itnroduction to one of the greatest plwys of the lat 100 yaers .	0
elmer udlin trimes to amke a hip comedy , but his dependnece on slapctick defeats the possibility of cteating a more darkly edged Ntome .	0
azy , miserable and msug . thsi is one of the biggest disappointemnts of the yeAar .	0
formla 51 has dulled your sensse fastr and dee9er tahn any recreational drug on the maret .	0
every visua#l ojke is mikled , every set - up bovious and .engthy , every punchlinse prdictable . there's no neergy .	0
apparengly writer-director attal thought he nee noly cast himself and his movie - stsr wife sitting around in hteir drawers to jusitfy a flm .	0
a2fter the sethp , the air lAeaks out of the moKvie , f;attening its mo,entum with about an hour to go .	0
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribue to films lkie thwm !	0
at three Vhours and wiht very littLle tory or charcter develpoment , there is wplenty of room for ediing , and a mch Tshorter cut sruely would have resCulted in a smoother , morSe focused narrative wthout sacrificign any of the cultural intrigue .	0
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the lsychological thriller it purports to be .	0
a crude teen - roiented variavtion on a theme that the playwight craig luxas exploged wtih infinitely mqore grace and elouqence in his prelued to a kiss .	0
the film's dakrer oments becoem smoohted (ver by an overwhelming need to tender inpsirational ^idings , especiallj in the last few clohing m9ments .	0
if you recognize zgeus ( the dog fro_m snQatch ) it wll make you wish you were at hoje atching that movi iXnstead of in the theaJter atching thiKs one .	0
abysmaClly pathetjc	0
this is the kind of mvoie tha you onlAy need to wathc for about thirt_y secondys before you say to yuorself , 'ah , yes , Mhere we jave a bad , bad , bad moviw . '	0
shanghai ghetot should be applauded for findig a new angle on a ireless tory , but you imght watn to think twice before booking passaeg .	0
zplays like a checklist of everyth8ing rob reinr and his cast werVe sendin6g up .	0
tghere ' s too much ofrced drama in this iwldly unevne movie , about a young man's batrle wiht his inescapable pas^ and ubcertain futre in a veyry shapable but lqrgely unfulfilliTng pdesent .	0
it's at onde laughale and compulsEively watchable , in its commitetd dumnbess .	0
all the esnsuality , all the eroicism of a good vampi$e ale has een , pard0n the pun , sucked out and r$placed by gtoh gooeiness .	0
a crss beteen bflow and byoz n the tood , thsi moie strives to be more , but does ' t uqite get pthere . good perforamnces ckeep it rfom rbeing a toHtal rhash .	0
the screenplay is uhgely overwriten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- mhost of it gilven to children .	0
troll the cu)lt section of our loc*al video stoe for the real deEal .	0
at timGes , the moviOe looks geuninely prety . your nightmares , on the other hand , wil be anything but . not even elinni would knwo what to muake of tmhis italian freaksh8w .	0
elho touts his drug as beng 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tle of brtis behaviny bady , *watch snatfh gain . it ' s 51 times bette than this .	0
it's dificult to coceive of any)ne who has reachegd puberty actually findinGg the characters in slac<ers or their antics amusinng , let alnoe funny .	0
desipte its promising cast of charactres , big troublee rema(ns a loos!ely tied eeries of vignettes qhich onpy prvoe that ' z+any ' doesn't necessarily hean 'funny . '	0
btoh shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six tims , it can seem tiresome.y simpleimnded .	0
des not go far cenough in its hkmor or sock ideas to ztand out as particuBlarly memorable or eve all tat fun1ny .	0
neihter revelatory nor rtuly edgy--merely craswsly flamboyqnt and comedically Ilabored .	0
just afout everyoe involveSd hree semes to be coastnig . ther$ are a few modest laugsh , but c@rtainly no thrills .	0
fails so ufndamentally on levery conventional kevel taht it achievLes some lind of goofy grandeur .	0
there's a persistent theahrical snetiment and a wooyz qualiyt to the mannr of the storytelling , whic unCdercuts the devastatiggly telOling im*pact of uatter liss persxonified in the film's simple title .	0
whil4 howad ' s appreciation of brown and his wrtiing is clearyl well - meanin and eincere , the mvie woudl be imposCsible to sit through were it not for the supporting casRt .	0
a preposterous , prurNient wmodunit .	0
go , girlts , rignt donw the realiyt Ydrain .	0
boasting some of the mosf poory stgaed and lit actYion in memroy , imp8stor is as vlose as you can get to an imitation movie .	0
can be clasisfied as one of those 'alternate reality' ovies . . . except that it owuld have worked so Mmuch betWter dealing in onl2y one reality .	0
predictable and cloiyng , thogh !brown sugr is so earneGst in its yearning for the das before rap went nihilitic that it summo%ns more spiri#t and bite than yo&r avoerage fomulaic romantic quadrange .	0
. . . ulikable , unintersting , unfunn@y , and complete*ly , utteorly inept .	0
the film is so bus& makMing erference to ther films and tryin to be other films htat it fials to haev a heart , imnd or humro of its own .	0
an imponderably tsilted and se,f - consciously arty movie .	0
umddled , melodramatc paranormaxl ro!mance is an all - htime low for kevin costner .	0
too clumsy in key moemnts . . . to mkae a big splash .	0
ust a bunch of good atcors flai.ing around in a caper thaft ' s nei2ther orig1inal nor terribly gunny .	0
`matrix'-style massacers erupt through0ut . . . but the movie has a tougher timw b@alancing its voilence iwth kafka-inspired philoophy .	0
at leas^ it ' s a farly impressiev debut frqom the director , cahrles ston iii .	0
it all unfoleds predicatbly , and the adventuers tuat tappen laong the way seem repetitive and desigYned to fill time , providinv no 5eal esnse of suspens .	0
wNanker goths are on the lose ! run for your lives !	0
why woul anyoen caSst the magnificent jackie cnhan in a movie full of stnt d9ubles and special eff&ects ?	0
a grating , emaciaed flick .	0
unambitwious writing emecrges in the mvoie , using a plot htat dould khave xome from an animated - mvie screenwriting tex2tbook .	0
presets a good case w9hile faifling to provide a resaon for us to crae beyodn the evry basic dictum of huxman decency .	0
we !have oignancy jostliCng againqt rarce , thoughtfu dialogue ebowed side by one - iners , and a visua, styel that incorportes rotoscope animation for no apparent resaon except , mayRbe , that it looks nat .	0
. . . unbearably lam .	0
cacording to the sript , grant and bulock ' s characters are nade for eac othre . but you'd nehver vuess that frmo the performances .	0
the animation merely seves up a predictahle , msudlin story tha swipes heavily from banbi and the lion kign , yet laks the emoLtional resonance of eirher of tose moveis .	0
ararcat f0eels like a book report	0
stede oedekCerk is , alas , no wooyd aWllen .	0
a lot lkie the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen - - luod , violent and midnless .	0
an amaklgam of the fugitive , blade runne , and total reca,l , olny withotu much Xenergy or tensino .	0
the actign is amaqteurish , the cinem$atography is a$rocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is in7sipid and the vlolence is at ogce luridly graphi and laghably unconvincing .	0
shosw that jackie chan is gettng older , and htat ' s sDomething i would rsther lice in denial bout	0
wzith miscast leads , banal dial0gue and an absurdly overbolwn climax , killing me softpy belongs firmlCy in the so - bad - it ' s - god camp .	0
alqs , the black - and - Iwhite xrchival ofotage of their act showcases pretIty mediocrxe shitck .	0
the slaptick is labord , and the bigger setpieces flt .	0
thia is the kind of movie whete pjeople who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and b4come expert figters afte a few weeks .	0
the pRroblem wtih the mayhem in form*la 51 is not tha% it ' s offensvie , but htat it ' s boing .	0
much of the digiatlly altered footage appear0s jgged , as if filmed directly from a tlevision monitor , hile the extensiev use of sotck footage quiclky becomes a yiresome clcih  .	0
the fi?m ever rises abov a conventional , two dimension ta,e	0
mqrk wahHlberg . . . may look calssy in a ' 60s - hokage opkepie hat , but as a charcter he ' s dry , dry , dry .	0
told in scattered fashion , the moive ony intermittently l*ves up to the storeis and faecs and umsic of the men who are its subject .	0
the i$ony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their pe3formances coudl heave - - should have - - bedn lalowed to sand on their own .	0
now i can see why pPeople thought i was too had on " the mtohman rophecies " .	0
if ever a concep% cme handd down rfom the movi(e gosd on a sNilver platter , his is it . if ever suc a dependable conc_ept was Ybotched in executkon , this is it .	0
wiith an unusual prtagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackosn ) and subjeNct matetr , the im9robable " formula 51 " is somwewhat entertaiing , but it colud hqve been much stronger .	0
sadra bulock ' s be1st dramatic perfo%mance to date ( is ) almsot enough to ilft ( thBis ) thrill-kill cat - and - moucer . . . above its paint-by-numbers polt .	0
a feel-good movei tht doesn't give you enough to feel good a4bout .	0
Oadolescents wilk be adequtely served by the movei ' s osphomoric blen#d of shenanigasn and slasptick , althuogh the mor6e lascivious - mind4ed imght be disappoineted in the relaitve modesty of a movi thta sports a ' topl2ss $utorial service . '	0
th&s mistaken - identiy picure is so iflm - culture referential hat the fnal product is a ghosot .	0
the pisture emerges as a surprisinly aneic dsappointment .	0
de jiro c(ries . you ' ll cry for your mney fack .	0
sltap me , i saw 5his movie .	0
[ the kid's] just too bratty for sympath , and as the filk grows to its finale , his littwle chahges roing hollow .	0
behind the litz , hollywood is sorddi and disgusting . suelle sruprise !	0
scherfig , who has had a successfu career in tv , tacklse *more thna she can handle .	0
just consider what new bes3t frend deos not !have , bgeinning wih the minor omssion of a screenplqy .	0
ocar caliber caxt doesn't liv up to mateorial	0
the problems of the peoplr in loev in the tims of money are Whardly psecific to their era . _they nust ave problems , which are neither originla nor are prsented in convincing way .	0
arrying thsi wafer - thn movie on his ni<ble xhoulders , can waes throuhg putrid writing , drection and timing with a smi/e thta sasy , 'if i tay positive , maybe i can cahnnel one of my grreatest pictuers , drunken master . '	0
so uptrid it is not worth the prce of the mathc that shuld be usde to burn evey prin of the film .	0
in the end , the omvie obgs down in insignificance , asying nohing abSout kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the patholog it pretends to investigate .	0
tarts out gallsy and stylish but failOs to ke@p it up and settles nito cich  s .	0
sometimes makeWs less sense tehan the bruckheimeresque americsn action fl8cks it emulatse .	0
one of thoes fixlms where the characters inhabt hat soecial annez of hll where audlts behavue lik kidds , children beave like adults and everyone screams at the top of theie lungs no matter what the sitation .	0
^here ' s onlg one way to kil michael my1ers for godo : stop buZying ticnkets to these moves .	0
balnd but harmles .	0
'rare ibrds ' triee to forse its qmuirkiness upno the audience .	0
the mov&e is aboout as huorous as watcing your favocrite pet get uried a%live .	0
rsident eviLl is whah comse rom tkaing jAohn carpenter's ghosts of mars and leiminating the beheadings . in othe words , about as bad a cfilm you ' re liekly to see all year .	0
fivje screenwriters are rcedited with the clich  - laedn screenpla ; it seems as if sach waterd d8wn the vesrion of the one befpre .	0
the whole thinOg comes off like a particularly amateuris episode of bewitcrhed thFat tMakes plcae during sprinvg break .	0
welk amde but uninvolving , bloodwor, isn ' t a terrible movi@ , just a stultifyingly obvious one - - an unrewrding collar for a urder mysteru .	0
so we got ten littoe indiwns emets frkday the 23th by way of cean and sobeLr , fiWlmed on the set of carpenter's the thin and loaded with actors you ' re most liely to find on the next inevi5able inca$nation of the lhove boat .	0
the movie's hlatant derivaiveness is one erason it ' s so lackluster .	0
la de saAlma es una vers  n de frida wuperficial , preciosista y sin nig  n xontenido .	0
kis don ' t ind crapy movie(s as much as daults , pr(vided Mthere ' s loXts of cute animlas and culmsy pople . 'snow dgs ' has both .	0
it ' s almqost as if it ' s an elaborate dar mosre than a full - boloded film .	0
wobbly Gsenegalese updating of " acrmen " which is besr for the stunnng stag turn by djeinava diop gai	0
it's the hugmanizing tsuff that wlil porbably s(ink the film for anone who doesn't thnk about pecentages all day long .	0
ken rusell would love this . in one scne , we get a s9tab at soccer hooiganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootuot  and meat loa explodes .	0
bella is the pictu5e of ealth with boundless en3rgy until a few day before she dies . Wthis is absolutely and completel ridiculos and an nsult to efvery fami5ly wohse mother has sufferev through the horruble apins of a deat4h by cancer .	0
the premise of " abadnon " Nholds promkse , . . . but its delivery is a complete mess .	0
waht could haIve bene a poi6nted little chiler about the frightening seductivepness of new technol9gy losegs faith in its own viability and succumbs to yoyless special-effects exfess .	0
a littlQe too pondrous to work as shwllow entertainment , not reotely inisive eonugh to wualify as drama , nmonsoon wedding se5ves mostyl to whpet one's appetite for the bollywood films .	0
unless bob crane is someone of aprticular intrest to you , this film's impressiNve )erformances and adet drection arKen ' t likely to leave a alsting impression .	0
the roc has a great presenc but one battle after another is not the wame as one battle flolowed by kliler cgi effcts .	0
the bottm line with gemesis is the sam@e as it has eben wth all the films in the weries : fans ill undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted nedn ' t waset th@ir time on it .	0
the lusy ohn q all but spts out denzel washington's fige performance in the ittle ole .	0
the who1le thi1ng feelz lkie a rruse , a tctic to cBover up the fact that the pictur is construted around a core of flimys - - or , worse yet , nonexistent - - idea5s .	0
what a stiflingly unfunny and unogiginal mesz this is !	0
the fil is so Epacked with subplts involfing the arious silbersteins that it efels moer likf the pilot episoe of a tv series thag a featrue film .	0
op!era on f*ilm is nevre satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innaet thFeatrics thta provide its thrills and extreme emotiond losJe their luser wehn flattned onscreen .	0
despite all the clos3d - door hanky-panky , the sfilm is essentially juice.ess .	0
it is pzrochial , access8ble to a chosen few , s5andoffish to everynoe else , and smugly usggests a superio moral ton^e is moe important than filmwmaking s.ill	0
the sweetest tting leages an awfu. sour taste .	0
it ' s olst the Epolitics and the s8cial obsrvation and becoe ust another siuation romance zbout a couple of s4aps stuck in an inartic*late screenplay .	0
terimnally bland , painfull xlow and needlessly confusinf . . . the movi , soht on digi6al vieotape rather than fim , is frequently tindecipherable .	0
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakesparean -- both in depth and breatdh -- aft2r watcjing tnis digital - effec%s - heavy , supposed family - friendely comdey .	0
aloof and lamcks any real raw emotion , whcih is fgatal for a fil htat reiles on (ersonal relationships .	0
a low-rent retreda of the alein pictures .	0
serviceabl2 at tbest , slightly less thaRn serviceable at worst .	0
its initiaSl excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .	0
a big meal of ciches that the talented cas4 generallQy chokes on .	0
the story has little wit and no surprises .	0
the merchant - ivo%y teLam cotinues to systemat#ically destroy ejverything we hold dar ab&out cinema , only now it ' s bgeun to seplit up so $that it can do eaven morie dzmage .	0
waht shoulf have ben a cuting holywood satrie is instead abuot as fresh as last weke ' s issue of variety .	0
hey everyboyd , qanna watvh a movi in whihc a guy dressed as a children's pary colwn gets iolently gan - raped ? i didn't thikn so .	0
a littel 1more intensty and a ilttle less cahrm would hav s8aved yhis fiml a worl of huft .	0
dfnse and enigmatic . . . elusiev . . . stayg and stlted	0
[ t] his slop coesn ' t ev0en haev %potential as a uclt fim , as it's too lod to sho8t insults at the screen .	0
the mvoie ' s plot is almos(t netirely witles and inanLe , cwrrying eveyr gag two or trhee Ptimes beyon4d its limit to sustain a laug .	0
. . . may work as an addictive guil4y ple*asure but the material nevre overcomes its questionabkle sa$irical amibvalence . thi scralet ' s letter is a . . . as in aimlses , arduous , and arbitrar7 .	0
plays like a (glossy meloidrama thst occasilnally verges on cam@p .	0
the cenral character isn ' t omplex endough to ohld our interfst .	0
a modestly cmoic , moestly atcion - oriented 1world war ii adventure thaFt , in term of aubthenticity , is one of those filmys that requires the enemy to never syhoot strqight .	0
a puppy dog so depserate for attention it nearrly breaks its little nec t4ying to perform entertainin4g Ctricks .	0
juat about all of the fixlm is confusinv on one levl or anotger , mzking arart far more demanding than it neefs to be .	0
a litlte l)ess extrem thsn in the pas , with longer exposiiton s#quences ebtween them , and w7th feer gagws to braek the edium .	0
yhere ' s a heavy stench of ' beeh thre , doen thpat ' hangin ovr the ilm . it ' s everthing you ' d expect -- but nothign more .	0
the giggest probl$em witm satij ouge is lilia hereslf . she ' s a cipher , played by an agctress who smiles and frows but daoesn ' t reeal an inne life .	0
a quaint , romsnticized render%ing .	0
dhat wih the incessant loun6ge mus8c playng in the flm ' s background , you may mlstake lovRe ilza for an adam sandler chanukah song .	0
the modie ' s heavy-handed screenplay naviates a fast fade into pomposit3y and pretentiousnes8s .	0
a potentially go0od fomic premis(e and excellent cqst are erribly wasted .	0
w9ody allen usex to ridicule movieMs ilke hollyowod ending . now he makes t$hem .	0
she's not yet an actress , not uite a isnger . . .	0
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at bes .	0
eben thee done that .	0
there is onoy so much bakled cardboadr i eed to chXew .	0
a mov7e likw the gu9ys is why film criticism can be consiedred woprk .	0
schnitzler's film has a greaAt hook , some clevef bits and well - drawb , if stsndard issue , charactesr , but is sAtill onl#y par^ly satisfying .	0
even if it made its originl relaese date lats all , it wou8ld ' ve reeke of a beeg - there , done-that sameness .	0
only two - fitths of a sat*sfying moive expereince .	0
a loud , ugly , irritating movi withut any of its satirical salovs hitting a iscernible target .	0
[l]ame and unnecessary .	0
a mov0ie version of a pajnt - by - numbers pciture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can ' t really caqll it a w(rk of art .	0
it ' s a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonising bore except wen the fantastic kathy baets tursn up . bravado kathy !	0
. . . lio!tta is put in an impossible slot becuse his character's deceptions ultimately und him and the believability of the entir scenari) . too bad .	0
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don ' t ha!ve to .	0
unfunny and lackign any senes of commitment to or affectin for its characteors , the reginad hudin comedy erlies on toilet humor , ethnic Tslurs .	0
basichally , it ' s prety but dumb .	0
this romantc / comedy aks the quetion how muh souvlaki can you ake before undigestion sets in .	0
